guess who is the longest
work in progress

okay sure, we'll redo it
for bots
```java
public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println("wut");
}```
!ch party leave
!ch party leave
!ch help
!ch party move e2e4
we made this
!ch play <@!71716577669550080>

Keenan do you still run the game world Facebook page
sure
the technology is finally here

updating
<@71716577669550080> give me like 10 mins
They have separate cooldowns but there's a 3 second delay between uses
My control group for the replicate?
I guess that could work but it would take some time to get used to
My keybindings only support 5 abilities
Also the 6 keys are going to be a problem
I'm slowly warming up to the new morphing I just don't like how it removed his split pushing ability
How does that work
Isn't it a channeled stun?
I also don't know how I feel about the two adaptive strikes
Key bindings
Also the keyboard are going to screw me up
I feel like I would make a mistake with morphing
And fully safe shotguns
I don't know though it takes away morphlings ability to split push
Like double Zeus ult every time
Because that could be really strong
If I morph and get damaged, then morph back do I still have the damage or am I at the health I was previously?
Also does this work with ults?
Isn't that only useful if I'm weaker than the enemy
Replicate was op in that nobody knew what it did before
Yeah but they didn't specifically break my only hero last time
They ruined morphling
Keenan this might actually be the time I quit dota
What is if supposed to do?
What was that
Goddamit this morphing change HOLY fucking shit
I don't know how I feel about mirana' s change.
I think it's a good thing tough
1 cum for new deny mechanics
1 sob for league of legends style bonus heroes
1 cum for ability draft
Alright starting now, it's 1 sob for the new heroes and 1 cum for the new ranked system
Alright finally able to read the patch notes noe.
I got out a box of tissues in case I need to cry out of sadness or cum out of excitement
What's the morphing ult?
Lul
I'm so psyched for this ability draft patch
Pangolier's first ability "assaults" with "quick thrusts"
Tp scroll starts on cool down.
That just ruined techies
OH SHIT
@everyone The gang's all here.
Also someone come play dotes with me in 30 minutes
You are all welcome to come over.
Except asher
Pretty much any time after the 27th
You are all welcome to come over.
<@155893986605793281> mrwhat?
Curtis teter got engaged
Is this a good deal

mac what is this
the gang's all here
are those viruses
bye mac
is this wek your fall break
or this week
true, we can talk sometime about it in the next week or so
if you come in on saturday, we would probably arrive at around the same time
since the airport is closish to their house
depending on the time you come in, i can maybe even have my parents pickyou up
mac, i'm going to try to cut my trip to sf down to 2 days so i come back the friday before, if that doesn't work i can leave my keys at my door or something so you have a place to stay
mac is going to come to hacknc so we can work
also mac, are you still planning on coming for hacknc
wtf just happened
i see computer engineering more as hardware and clooser to ee
how is that different
they're rolling in the sens ethat they don't reject anyone outright but selects people to interview as the semester goes along
they're all rolling
have you heard back from facebook or google?
yeah it's stupid because workday's purpose is so you don't have to do apps over and over again
they're also a really good company to work for, i eodn't remember if i addded it on my list but they're tier 1 as well
you should also apply to adobe
it's not as bad as I thought, i thought it would be like shakespeare
I just read the bible for real for the first time
you shouldn't be worried then, microsoft takes a while
do you know anyone who is in microsoft?
how long ago did you apply?
the bes tthing was i got an apology letter afterwards
I sent at least 8 emails and messaged them on linkedin
One of the them was the old UNC recruiter who gave me the interview, the other one was a temporary one to fill in after the first one got promoted, and the last one was the final one who is taking over
microsoft recruiters are specific to your school, there's a website where you can look up their contact info
that's when the referral helped
i got an interview first, then they said they would give me a second round and i never heard back
i was email 3 of their recruiters
I literally spent 4 months harassing microsoft
normal is 25k
i've heard people get 60k signing at microsoft
but typically with software companies you can't negotiate the base but you can negotiate the signing
depends on the company
it's a free trip to san francisco basically
deloitte invited me to go to sf to visit the office and meet other potential employees
and 30k stock options
amazon's is like 100k + 30 signing
i have cisco and microsoft on sites next week, if i can get either of those, i will probably turn down deloitte
but it's in sf so that salary sucks
it's deloitte s&o consulting 72,500 + 12,500 signing
I have another that expires next week but it's just as bad as fideltiy
depends on the company, my top offer expires on Nov.
10th right now so i asked fidleity to nov 6th
for software probably not
depending on the industry it might
the company will blacklist you
you shouldn't
yeah
their pay is only 65k + 5k signing
yeah, i will have to
well, their focus isn't on front end dev
yeah, i passed all the test cases.
I think they typically take 2 weeks to reach a final interview decision but i need to get them to respond faster
they just have an ugly shade of green
the most important thing i learned through all of this is that ifyou harass recruiters enough theyw ill eventually follow through
I'm about to harass amazon tomorrow
their offices are pretty nice but their pay is low for the work they require
i think their internship pays $22/hr
their technology is based in the rtp
I got an offer from fidelity for software engineering, it's not that great though
their application didn't even open until october
ibm is late in recruitig as well
yeah, i would send them an email if they don't respond by thursday
I like that they specify the role
I got an invite to the Entry-Level Cognitive / AI / Machine Learning Software Developer assessment
did you have to do an assessment?
idk aout internships, but they have a role specifically for cognitive, ai, and ml
mac if you haven't already, you should apply to ibm
Asher I'll probably play again at 2 if you're still up
There's like an etiquette with linkedin
Depends
Yes
Basically same stuff as your resume
Are you retarded or disabled

mac look at this cancer
Mac "Just a Prank" Vogelsang
no we abandoned a game
mac you're dead to me
MAC 😦
if you're ready
<@!125452744440938497>  I'm going to start now actually
the gangs all here
<@!125452744440938497> i'm going to play dotes in 20 mins
I knd of don't feel sorry for them because I've told them to lcok the door a lot and they never listen
they always leave the door unlocked
Do you guys remember when I said if you guys came over, we can play on my roommates ps4?
Looks like that's not going to happen because both my roommates' ps4s got stolen as well as their computers
😐
they send you an email every so many days
i waited 2 weeks
http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/largest-sum-contiguous-subarray/
I think second one is contiguous arrays
First one is really easy, can't remember what it is but it's pretty negligible
did you get it?
someone should come play dotes with me tonight
yup
i don't think thats normal
please do not make fun of the Bee
applebees is offering $1 margaritas
Mac one of the new Google pixels has an orange button
I got it earlier today
<@!125452744440938497>  yeah sure
<@!71716577669550080>  dopes in a bit?
Why normally No?
It would mostly be for my brother.
I basically have all of these except gta

Is this a good deal
and it won't be fun for anyone else
because for hacknc, if mac comes, we're probably going to be working the entire weekend
you guys are all welcome to come during new years too
Nov 3 - 5
You can come too keenan
<@!71716577669550080> https://hacknc.com/ Come play with me
Lol Mac is he going to yuour house to pick up
<@155893986605793281> pay mac
What do you mean by derivatives.
Like calculus derivatives?
Who even has as DVD player anymore
i can play in a bit

IT'S FUCKING STA4TING

I'm seeing it tonight
Horse simulator
No there's a actually a lot of red
It's a nice place to work and really clean even in the warehouse but it's a little too quiet
I'm still there i just finished the 1st of 4 interviews
Mac I just toured McMaster carr
Yeah that's like 4-5 hours away
Keenan I'm physically closer to you right now than any other time since new years
Nice why
I don't get the comic
ugh i didn't see this or else yeah
Yeah, we have worksheets due every class for completion in thinking of skipping class every time and emailing a completed worksheet to him before class starts
I emailed saying i wont be class nect week and then he asked if i shkwed up to class this week
At least I'm a big boy and not a baby

Also Every time I see you I keep thinking you're Asher because of that picture
Did you do it
I'm going to get it once my amazon music runs out
It's a new student deal
Everywhere
btw hulu + premium spotify is only $5 per month for students
why is philip not on discord
yeah

I want your source for the amazon stuff
Specifically game deals or any deals
Is the new channel some kind of Twitter feed
Tell Philip I'll be there
woah there asher
http://www.caravansforsale.co.uk/img/adphotos/import/949/641949_devon-sapphire-two-berth-van-conversion-2-berth-2007-motorho_photo_1_1492001022_img.jpg
i need to take a shower for 10 mins
but i can't play until 10
everyone else is dead to me
@everyone evanyone interested in playing dotes later like at 10
Maaac tell me when there's free stuff
No seriously mac
mac have you ever worked with unity?
rates vary by gender
is that a spectre immortal
I can play in an ho6r
1⃣ 8⃣ ➕ ➕
Is fear on e.g.
again?
i started the search
give me a minute, i need to finish something
you're not even in the party
i'm here
i can too, need to take a shower first
ah
vincent != bill gates
who is vincent
is that acutally google chrome
😦
dotes anyone?
?
<@!125452744440938497> dota?
3
I'm introducing my brother to fallout 3
I'll play in a bit
Yeah, I just finished my Jesus work for the day
Consistency is consistency
I'm consistently in discord toi
Okay I will tonight
That we got a c on
Isn't it just our 8th grade science project
These are some top tier games

Elmerst illinois
Illinois, but I interviewed for an engineering role in chicago
There's like almost no chance I would actually go but I can use it as practice and leverage for better offers
I talked about buying from them for science olympiad
They contacted me
I just interviewed with them
Mac do you remember McMaster Carr
What
The plot twist
https://www.pixton.com/comic/vt1igvd8
I was going to paste something else guess it didn't copy
How did you find this
Holy shit
🇩 🇪 🇱 🇮 🇧 🇪 🇷 🇦 🇹 🇪 🇱 🇾
<@155893986605793281> I won't know for sure until I know when my job is starting after college
Why?
<@155893986605793281> like next year June?
No idea

I can in 15 mins
<@!240129712645603329>  dota?
<@!125452744440938497>  yhou ready?
Yeah I'm coming
I'm coming in like 10 mins
I can in like 3p mins
Then try to feel her stomach
When is the baby coming
In born again again again again again again
My name is Ronald Ding and I'm intimately acquainted with Jesus Christ our Lord and savior
I already know about jesus
Woah, what are you implying
Full name is Jesus in myth, tradition, and history
It's also an online course
Full on 3 credit semester long class on my boy Jesus christ
I'm dropping my ancient and medieval politics class to take a class on jesus
<@!125452744440938497> join call
it's not ranekd
it will average out
playing against bots is different from playing against people
lets wait for asher
I can only play big boy dota thouch
I can play stuff in 10 mins
<@!125452744440938497>  pubg
I'm cumming
I can probably play stuff tonight again
All my assignments were written too.
Also everything was in pseudo code
Algorithms is a really good class
goal is to do as little as possible to get an a-
did sergey go to iu at one point or was it another school
ancient and medieval political  thought
i have a class wheer i have to read antigone
really?
how old is he?
hmm, it's either probabilty theory or parallel and distributed systems
i might get kicked out though
i'm in the class now
is it hard
mac have you taken probability theory
the fact i even have to take this class
this is a poly sci class
written exams
attendance taking
no laptop policies
i have to worry about "participation" grades  again
I've had two classes and I already remember why i hate school
I'll be ready in like 20-25 mins so up to you

This is mac's character

what does red zone mean
okay, let me finish this game, shouldn't take long cause i suck
someone play pubg with me
so you can go into a team fight and soak up as much damage and spells and then come back
also he gets a second life
yeah, he's good at 1v1
lol
have you mostly been playing carry or supoprt
up to you
keenan do you want to do a bot game with other people or just us
oh wait
why does finding a bot game take more than a minute
<@!71716577669550080> I just realized the github mascot is an octopus
medium or hard?
do you ant to play a real game
okay

Proof:
the gang's all here

Someone play with me in 10 mins
<@155893986605793281>
I literally just came back from taking a shit
<@155893986605793281> play dotes with me tonighy
I can tonight
mac, I don't know, i always login in through the business school portal
i will i don't know how much i can play this weekend, but i shoudl be sable to next wekeend
doyou have venmo
I'ma ctually okay with it since it differentiates from my other outlook email
because that's the way the email works and i don't think ic an change it
😦

Let me pay you back for the weed
<@!125452744440938497>  Thanks asher!
I just saw the game
💯
Mac so you can't play stuff tonigbt?
I'm back in confederate lands
Until we decide to play again
@everyone does anyone still play on the Minecraft server?
If not I'm going to take it down
It also has orange peels in it
Yes
It's jelly made from orange
Mac I tried doing hackerrank
It feels like I'm really sleep deprived
I think I finally feel it a bit
Asher what do you mean like painkiller
That was over the course of 3 hours though
It's medicinal this time
Yeah, upping the stakes
Also <@125452744440938497> let me know how much I owe you
I just took a 20mg edible from my roommate
I just ordered 4 mcdoubles
<@125452744440938497> dthey don't have it
<@125452744440938497> what was the thing you wanted again?
Near the grass?
<@71716577669550080> I'm coming back out
You will be remembered
Flash the camera
Okay, try to get in a kaci thing
Mac am I going in or are you going in
I'm determined to get high tonigut
If it hits 10 and I don't feel anything, I'm taking a third one
It's not a distorted camera
Does this look like the face of an honest boy?
Asher s pretty high
I'm fine Mac is lying
<@155893986605793281> Asher is withholding weed from me
Mac did you leave
I left my lanyard in the apartment
I'm on the grass
Do you think you guys can get me in?
Actually are you guys staying for the next game
Any chance you could get me in?
Where are you guys at?
I'll be back in half an hour
<@71716577669550080> okay I'm headed towards the seattle center
I will in like 10 15 mins, I need to charge my headphones
Cool, do you know what the weefee Is?
I need to check my email
Who bought wine and beer
Thanks
This place is pretty nice
Cool
Okay, are you just going to leave it unlocked
You're
<@71716577669550080> so would there be a way I could get in even if I'm not there
Hmm, Okay, I think I'm going to try the rail since its 20 dollars cheaper
I can only take the train to a certain point then I need to bus
It would take me an hour and 10 minutes on the train
I'm also pro ably just going to sleep for a few hours
I'm deciding between the lyft and the train
Is there any way I can get into the airbnb when you guys aren't there?
<@71716577669550080> How long do you guys plan on staying at the airbnb
Just landed
Guy in a seat on the plane in front of me has a dota lanyard
Okay cool
Ugh it's a 45 dollar lyft to the airport
Okay Cool, but if she doesn't have venmo I need to go withdraw cash like right noe
Can I pay you and have you pay her?
Ugh I don't have checks
I can venmo you right now
Is it 60 per night?
Like would I be okay leaving my computer there
Do you think the house is safe?
Cool, I was thinking of just taking a lyft
And I might sleep all morning
I probably won't be there until 9
My plane lands at 830
Yeah
How is Asher doing with his high
<@71716577669550080> what's the weather like in seattle.
Should I bring a jacket
<@125452744440938497> <@71716577669550080> is there a bed or couch or blankets for me at the airbnb.
Do I need to bring my own
There's a good chance I'm going to do something to stupid and piss off Macs mom
Asher I've never been high before so I have no idea how I'm going to react
I thought it was arteezy
Wait is ee your favorite player
How does it know
Nice what's in it
If I buy a midweek ticket the goodie bag 2ill probably already be claimed
What's in the goodie bag
Going to redmond
They really shouldn't have filmed eg there
Also why is redeye gone
I feel like that's just running salt into wounds
What's the goodie bag
I have to go at 230 on Thursday so I don't even know if getting a ticket for 20 bucks is worth it
Filming
They really shouldn't be filling the losing team
What's in the goodie bag?
What the fuck ns can jump over cliffs
It's the one true build
And acquila
Literally my build
It's phase boots into maelstrom into manta
But specifically his items
What's the nerf?
Mac do you see that core mirana build
Are you guys watching inside or from the grass
Is there one more game today
Even your midweek?
Mac how pissed would you be if I came to seattle and bought tickets from someone else
Maybe he bought extra thinking he coud make a profit
That seems kind of dishonest
Grift?
Also sears are pretty empty
I'm surprised no one's harassing him
Mac go and sit next to him
Pics?
Nice
<@125452744440938497> <@71716577669550080> shovyou guys up
When's your flight?
Southwest is expensice
Will you guys still be at the airbnb at 9?
I get in at 830 ish
Thursday morning
Asher can I get in on that, I think I might actually cook too
So are you planning on eating out every meal
Maaac
<@71716577669550080> and <@125452744440938497> what are guys doing for food this week
Is he still the same
Do yo7 ever talk to him
Doing what
Doing what
I don't think I can ever forget sbooks
Yeah
Yeah I'm planning on that or frisbee or swimming
I have to take pe
I would if I didn5 have so many general education credits left
I finished a calc bc test in 25 mins doing that
You can literally type calc questions in and gave it solve for a variable
Asher get a ti 89
Is lower bracket tomorrow
I put vp too
Who do you think is going to win
Oh right, they're still in the lower bracket now
So they're in the lower bracket bo1s?
Did e.g.
lose the bo3 or just the match
Mac isn't today the first day of the main event?
Why did you skip today?
Who is e.g.
playing
I'm gonna see you in 4 days
Guys
Keenan shame it wasn't hard boiled
Technology isn't there yet
Is vp vs ig coming up?
Blitz lost weight
Who are the people on the panel
How is morph
What
Well fuck
Did ti start today
That's like doubling my points
Can I sign into one of yours to make predictions
I have to bring two laptops then
Oh right fantasy stuff
Or is there any benefit in being able to access dota while there
Mac and Asher, are you bringing your laptops to to seattle
Mac just suggested creative
Woah
Yeah what happened
She basically just walks around in the background of your dreams when you need a person there
She's an extra
She doesn't even have lines
But in your dreams, she's a minor character
You should say you dream about her too
Hey <@155893986605793281> I've been thinking about you lately and wondering how you're doing.
Are you into catching up?
It's harder to log into a steam account than a bank account
I'm updating dotes just to do this
Does this mean there are no smaller independent tournaments
The gangs all here
How much does it cost
Is it free
I saw videos of it, I'm surprised Mac and Keenan like it
Is it free
Is pubg the game that everyone is playing now
You should pitch this to the bachelor and have them do that for a season
Wht me
It would be hard to continue if the show ever gets big
That's a really funny idea
That's pretty unappealing
To reiterate, I'm taking my 5th shit of the dat
Perfect
^
I'm taking the 5th shit of the day
Why the fuck is purge even in the finals he has like 4 arcanas
Is it between sniper and pudge?
Ugh I can't vote I don't have computer access until Tuesday
Woah did someone say kingsman
It's that room in new Vegas that I always shoot up

With the moms
Happy birthday man we'll do legal shit in seattle
Whoa Asher you 21?
In that app, why is victory red and defeat green
Cd
No I meant the cs
Was that part of your ti ticket?
Do you have YouTube red?
My trial just expires
Do you have to have YouTube red for that?
Oh
Because I want to know what mine is
What is it then?
Mac how do you see your top 10 mostplayed videoa
That's the truly terrifying part

Whoa did they send those to you in the mail
@<@125452744440938497> it's a list I pulled from the internet
Holy shit
i'll actually be playing in a hour or two
my roomate just came back to my room
Can someone screen shot the fountain so I can't see it
Can't you just do sudo su
Can someone screen shot it and share it here
Prove it
This is totally Mac's no thoguh
It's probably mac
Megan?
What fountain
No
Wht
Then terminate the screen
To stop the current server you need to connect to the cactuspie screen and kill the node server
I just added code yesterday that pipes the output stream of the mc server to the output of the node server but you can't wrote to it yet
The jar is being called by the node server and being run as a child process of the node server
Not if you name it the same
As a child process
The way I have it set up right now is the node server is serving the mc server
Just run a screen and run backup.sh in it
Make sure to backup the world everything before you do anything
All the server files are in the textserv folder
What is the plugin?
Java?
What is bukkit
Servers up
Aka Megan but she's already mad at me
Can you let people know it's going down?
I have stuff fixed just need to reboot it
@everyone average there people on the server?
I want to restart it to get the map working
We're on the 8th log file
Also you guys talked a lot today
What
I probably can tomorrow but idk
Why?
I was going to play a little bit tonight but probably at a time when you all are asleep
On the actual game or doing server stuff
Like in civcraff
I think we should have underground rails that connect everything
I literally don't know where you even keep your stuff
Mac you don't have anything to connect to
Keenan I'm offended you don't want to connect with me
Okay so I'm guess Keenan doesn't want the bridge
Idk, Keenan didn't make a hole
Keenan are you planning on making an opening for Macs bridge?
Not for Macs secret farm but in general
I really want to play now
Other than hoarding resources
Mac you still haven't said what you've built
What's that
Pubg?
Every time
Smaller
It
Make
We
Instead of e,panding
What if
But I think we should have civcraft stores where you can buy a diamond for 10 stacks of wood or something
I also wouldn't be opposed to expanding just once
So it'd still force us to work for stuff
I honestly don't think we should expand until it's fully saturated, we can just create stores for buying resources with renewable ones
I also like how were confined to the cube it makes space really valuable
Mac I haven't seen anything you've built
That's kind of what I want to do with the mountain but not as wide and not for a jungle
Did Keenan hollow out his tower?
Yeah but it's done better with the overhang
My next step is taking out everything within the walls
With the supports and stuff, I had planned to do that ever since I started building the walls
Mac do you like what I did with the overhang?
I just assume she's always pissed at me
Megan might not like what I've done.
I basically built an overhang over her area
I played a lot last night
That's why I haven't done anything with the Google instance lately
There's also an intern hackathon/venture pitch competition going on right now that's taking up a lot of my free time
I took the wings inside the chest by Keenan tower at spawn.
I'm assuming those were left for me
Also want to include rendering from 2 angles
I'll fix it tonight, there's a lot of changes that I want to see
The map is down for some reason
keenan your jungle room is really nice
Last backup was 1-2 days ago
<@125452744440938497> check it now
I need to cook a burger
Can you look up your uuid and tell me what it is
<@125452744440938497> Asher was on the server when the server crashed
Mac can you log on and see if you still have your items?
<:sadboy:230133848740986891>
<@125452744440938497>
Try now asber
<@125452744440938497> can you log on to your server and see if you have the right items
Okay can someone help me test which level.dat I need to use
<@71716577669550080>
Mac do you know what level.dat does?
Let me finish the backup and render and then I'll try to get the items back
Are you guys playing on it now or should I shut down the server and run a render
The map isn't working for some reason
Is it up
Last thing logged was Asher joining
There's no crash report or anything in the logs
That's really weird that the server crashed
The node server seems to be down thoguh
It's been up since like the second day
Lol Keenan
Also there's technically a url if you go to should start up the Minecraft server
But Mac should easily be able to restart it
Okay working on it now
He bullied me into giving him ssh access
Also Mac can fix this too
I just got back from work
Why does it say you're playing unity
Oh I was wondering how a wild one got in
Nice there's dinner
Isn't doctor who a man
did someone take stone out of my chest
SERIOUSLY WTF
Backups are saved and the new render is online
Also servers back up
I'm pretty sure Megan plays more than any of us
Mac that sounds like a terrible idea
Oh she logged on in the 5 minute span between when I checked and when I took it down
Was she on the Server?
I checked to see if anyone was on it before taking it down
Render is going faster than before
15
Probably not long maybe another 10 or 1t mins
I'm running the render now
I ran a manual backup which already completed
Also Mac the texts no longer work because I changed the way the server was running so they write logs somewhere else
Server going down for maintenance and shit
I have to learn it in the next few days
IU is listed as a leading "company" using docker
<@71716577669550080> have you used docker
Look at this cancer

Yeah
Reported
One of these days I'm just going to show up in bloomington
No clue why it's not working anymore.
I might also habe used up all of the twilio credits
Nothing is backed up and the map hasn't been updated
Honestly I haven't done anything with the server for 3 days and stopped the cron jobs
Mac nobody knows not even the developers
I wrote 3 lines of code in 2 days
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45047154/how-do-i-get-artifactorymavenbuild-to-run-with-a-variable-name-as-an-argument-fo
Mines probably gonna get no responses either
I lost a lot of self respect
<@71716577669550080> mac I just made a stackoverflow post
I completely forgot about that
Also unlockee galaxy s8 + gear vr +wireless charger is 625 on Amazon right now
I bought another pair and I really like it except it hurts my ears after an hour or two
Are they comfortable?
<@155893986605793281> did you get the headphones that Asher recommended?
Do you like them?
I'm also considering buying a amazon tablet
<@71716577669550080> mod you think it's worth getting an echo
Mac cheating
<@155893986605793281> do you think the new Spider-Man is worth seeing theaters
Servers up and new renders up as well with smooth lighting
i'll probably be on for a good amount time, now that i actually stated building something, it gives me drive to keep playing
mac are you playing tomorrow
i really need glass
idk, i liked the design of th echurch on the last server better
since we're so confined
it just took longer the first time
and it only took 6 minutes
i looked at the cpu usage chart
server's up
<@!125452744440938497> render is done
https://images.discordapp.net/attachments/220307845483069440/332246547867762688/Screenshot_20170705-124857.png?width=272&height=560
<html><button class="getHacked">Click here</button></html>
because i want to take out his bridge
mac is pissed at me
k, i'm asking her now
can i take over the other mountain
it's connected by a bridge
<@!155893986605793281> the mountain connected to your spawn mountain isn't yours right?
Who do I know that you've seen on tinder
Is Bloomington tinder during the summer just people from high school
Keenan Where you going after graduation

<@!71716577669550080> do you know why my commands wouldn't be working in the console?
made of orchestra chairs
it's fine, i'll buld my own mountain
server's back up
whenever, there's an hour where no one's on the server
good
😦
<@!155893986605793281> did you claim the mountain on spawn
It also encourages you not to die
I'm going to add more functionality to it
<@125452744440938497> Asher don't block my numbee
There's 3 people on the server right now
Asher there's other people on the server who don't want to shut it down
I know the exact scene and scenario that gif came from
Macs on the server I can't just shut it down
I think Megan's on the server i can't just shut it down
I wonder if that's the problem the mapper and the server running at the same time overloads the instance
If I update it.
Is manually I have to take down the server for like 40 mins
There's something wrong with a lot of my automated tasks
:(
She thought I sent it to her

Which causes an error since my webhook isn't properly set up
I got a twilio error message but there was nothing wrong with the send so she probably tried to reply
Lol Keenan did she respond to the message?
I'm going to work build improving the feature so the message isn't you filthy casual everytime
I originally wanted it to make a call and say you filthy casual but Mac said it would be too annoying
I can have it make calls too
It's a twilio service that I control
Lol, she knows that's not my number right?
Or did she think it was just some random unrelated text
But did she figure it out initially
Did she figure out it has to do with the server
Yeab
Did she get one?
Don't tell about the texts
I just checked the server it is.
She's on right now
?
With a capital W
Is Megan's username wolfme
But if he had looked closer I would have been in trouble
But it looks like the shit I normally do anyways
I wa editing it and my manager came by
Ugh
No one escapes the death texts
What's her number
Is Megan going to be regularly playing on the server
Oh shit I thought ghat was a joke.
I saw it on circlejerk
Even if it's used
I also broke my ear buds that came with my s8 yesterday so I'm getting wireless ear buds too
<@125452744440938497>
Also a friend is selling a sennheiser 598 or 579 for 50 bucks do you think it's worth buying?
Should be in the mornings.
I trhouggt it refreshed yesterday, did it not work?
It's back up now
I think the restart script bugged out.
This is truly the golden standard of television
Watch "Black Flash kills Reverse Flash 
DC's Legends of Tomorrow 2x17" on YouTube
https://youtu.be/Mq3UOgGThAk
Asher ignoring me
Are they the favorites
Did vp make it
Did to qualifiers end
Really?
Why is it inside microsoft?
Okay, my friend at Microsoft said he can let me in and stuff.
I'm go8ng to try to visit amazon as well
I'm going to contact our Microsoft recruiter and see if we can get a tour
Really early morning if I remember correctly
How much were they
Whay keenan
Thanks ben
Why did you always go to bed at 11 when I wanted to play dota but now that I can't play you sleep at 3am
i'm burned out for today
okay, i'll fix it for tomorrow
how?
@everyone http://104.196.55.64

<@!71716577669550080> have you gotten these errors before for overviewer?
and then parsing the last line
yeah
i also need a better way to look at logs and send commands besides screen stuff and fs watch
that's the point, you can't die twice
and if you die in the nether you lose your items
maybe, it just drops you in a random location in the nether
you can get out of the nether if someone savves you but its a pain int he ass
until we hav ea chuch
i'm going to make it so everyone who dies gets respawned in the nether
build a church
i don't think the dragon should be the first expansion
once everyone gets wings
that could be a goal for expansion
should everyone get wings
that's like a lot
and then other shit
then you have to upload it to the ui console
you have to edit the first line of the key pair with your username and project id
but ssh with google cloud compute is a pain in the ass if you're on windows
i should probably give you ssh access so you can do stuff as well
no it's every day, i also changed the times alittle bit

no the server backups once a day
the cron job will run an hour after the backup
i already configured the node server to serve the index.html to the ip addres /map
it's picking upspeed now at 5h
now it's down to 7h
is 1 cpu 4gb ram a godo amount
now it's 18 hours
oes 300,000 tiles seem like a lot?
😮
:0
wrong chat
it never reached above 0 percent in 10 5 minutes
i stopped the server and teh node server, restarting the render
because eta is 9 hours
is it supposed to take a long time the first time?
discord's api is kind of hard to handle though
to be honeste, i started a github repository for this project
or do you mean a custom console
thagt would be kind of hard
like full on console?
right now there's a delay
i think down the line, i want to run the minecraft jar through node so node has instaneous detection of output
what's more interesting is i can also stuff commands
try dying
i'm thinking instead of logging to a website, i want to try to log to a discord channel
it opens up a lot more possiblities
i killed you earlier, but i want you to experience it yourself
this is my proudest work all week
mac try dying once it's back up
i fixed the restart script
mins
sorry it'll be up in 2 minds
mission accomplished
i knew you couldn't resist mac
i'm on the server right now
of mac
i wanna send you nudes
asher give me your number pleeeease
we got pizza today
yeah
and i stay to work until like 6 or 7
there's a 3 hour time difference
<@!240129712645603329> Can you also give me your number
my contacts got deleted
asher what's your number
asher i ca n't believe you built another cube
You said kinsman sucks
Where's my apology
It's a little delayed but it works.
My node server is watch that file and gets the last line from it every time it updates
If is, I can use socket.io to serve it
Do you think the server log should be live?
Yeah, I can Do that or I can do some kind of wait function
Because there's already a cactuspue
Since its sending the commands to the screen it's async, then when the next command tries to create another screen named cactuspie, it fails
The restart is one script
I know but I think it might be firing the next bash command before the server stops so the next one is getting ignored
Yeah it is, I'll probably add some password protection to the front end
It might be a async issue
When the screen stuff /stop line is run, the next line doesn't run for some reason
I also have to fix the restart scripg
After this,I'm goiing to start building a website for the server with logs and a control for starting and stopping the server
Yeah, that might be better
I'm using code from another project that already has twilio set up and configuted
And then add a switch for each username
I'm running a node server that can already detect each time something is logged, I just need to write an algorithm that matches the log messages to the set of death messages
I almost have the death texts set up
It's super hard to copy in the terminal so seed is there

I'll try to do it in a bit but it's hard when I'm at work
Like the map?
What does that mean
Wtf
Server info is in the pinned post
Cum ben
Yo it's a game
It's the first day and the confinement to 128 by 128 makes it harder
I haven't played either
hmm, my restart script isn't starting the server back up after shutting it donw
But yeah I'm probably going to try to implement the text message thing, I already have logic figured ojt
It's way too hard to do transactions
Twilio
i already figured out how to do death messages
so you can immediately see if someone is cheating
what if we created a new chat channel on discord where all of the logs are sent to live
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aeK4uYUkAiCTBCfiekfUK_Fc8Dx8YwYUlajyPBtXlIA/edit?usp=sharing
yeah i can hear you guys
i haven't used discord on this computer in a while
i don't think my mic is working
i can you guys
I'll fix it later
I think the proper way is to stop the instance
Why
I've been using ctrl c or sending the quit command to the screen
No, should I be using stop
So if there's problems, anyone can restart the server
Depending on how much we actually play, I want to create a website ui that controls some of this stuff
It doesn't save them
I'm also going to start logging the console
You left :(
Also my restart script seems to work
I can ssh from my phone

I might have to restart the server
Sorry it won't let me

i don't know if it worked
what do you mean by op
i have to go very soon
do i need to give you command blocks
alright, i should be done
you can delete a branch locally without it affecting the remote branch
i'm sure it can't be unlimited
i don't know
I can push it to a git repo
Lol you know what I can do instead of tar and saving it to a different folder?
or should i space them out
is it bad to run the world backup and the restart at the same time?
mac do you know what the cron tab line for every day at 5 am would be?
i can also spin up a storage instance iwth low computing power just to store the backups on
eventually this is going to cause storage problems but i'll write something else later to sort that out
then moving it to the backups folder
i'm naming the files based on timestamp
okay i think i have backups working every 12 hours
i've never really used cron before
i don't have to run those in screens right?
i meant for the backup tasks and stuff,
also is it important for the cron tasks to run on a screen?
i don't have enough time to get all the infrastructure done today, but eventually i can have a cron task to restart the server every day
yeah i'm running the server on a screen
except you're not ben
or like on the same instance
did you save the backups to the folder as well?
the entire world folder?
but what file or folder do i have to tar
better yet, do you still have the code for yoru cron job
what files do i have to save?
it won't let me start a storage container for some authentication reason
i mgiht do that as well
yeah
mac did you use google storage to back up
The fix was supposed to enable read write access to cloud storage apis but it didn't work
I keep getting this error
j'j fwa;kvejfas ;fawe
cheating is only fun when people don't suspect you
lol, why do you think i didn't ask mac to host it
you just type in cheats=on in the chat
i need to configure something
i stopped the instance
lol, i fucked up when creating the instance
what if it turns into hardcore mode at night
and then no cheats
what if every hour, there's a 5 percent chance that the server will change into a creative server for 1 hour
to speed things up
for everyone
i can just console diamonds
😦
i'm also going to get the map and stats stuff working but that will probably be later
yeah
i wouldn't do much on it until i auto backups working
yes mac
This is the mincraft server ip Mincraft Server IP: 104.196.55.64

Mincraft Server IP: 104.196.55.64
104.196.55.64

yay
Also since we have a border and constraints and stuff does that mean no cheating
Does it have to be square
Like instead of 0,0 can I change it to different coords
Can I manually change spawn
We should only play in the netger
So many steps
I had the server up on 1.11 alrrady
Is 1.12 that impkrtant
Do you know the Linux commands
:(
1.12 requires java 8 and I would need to figure out how to install it
Are you all okay with playing 1.11 instead of 1.12?
Just got 2 more for a total of 8
I think it expires on year after activation but not sure
Actually nvm, I'm not going to do white list
F
Wtd keenan
Asher what's your Minecraft username
He's given 3000 so far
And he's literally has an excel file with 100k worth of codes
It's a guy who I will never see again
Without shame
What are your usernames
True
Doing ssh on a Mac is so much easuer
Also, we can always change it if we need to
Settings right now.
I bumped the storage to 20gb which only costs an extra dollar

You sure?
Mac I still have 2000 credits that I need to use this year
I can also increase the storage size by a lot without costing a lot of moneu
Increases it about 3 bucks per mobth
Because I'm using my work computer which doesn't have discord
App=Minecraft server
Did you say to use ssd over standard
Shameless
I'm at 26 per month for 4 gb
It's like 2 bucks per month per 2gb of ram
I thought you said you used 4
Okay I'm doing 1 cpu, 5gb of ram
Isn't the map updated every night?
Didn't we have storage issues last time?
10gb
I'm just going to use the default debian persistent dism
How big of an instance do you think we need?
Hmm okau
No coding involved?
Command blocks are in game items right?
That also sounds hard as fuck to create
That doesn't sound like vanilla
Keenan would you play on a vanilla server
I have some down time and can set it up
Do we actually want to play on a vanilla Minecraft server?
<:ronald:230126993008623616>
The prompt was send a selfie and 3 interests
I didn't think they were going to hang it up

I could also see a team making roster changes late into the season in order to better then chances of qualifying rather than for improvement of their team
3 players from top teams could form their own team with 2 random people and qualify over a mid levelteam of 5 that's been playing together
I don't know how I feel about this
Or is it based on individual performance, because if it was based on individual performance I could see even more workarounds
Do you think all players on a team earns the same amount of qualifying points for each event
This also means that people from multiple teams could form a new team right before ti and get a direct invite
Valve broke
Majors are now 1 million instead of 3
If you came to seattle you would know
Keenan I even tip my lyft drivers, most people don't
I don't even meet airbnb hosts
I tip more than most people, maybe not as much you or Asher but definitely more than most poeple
I've literally never heard of tipping an airbnb before
You're not supposed to tip airbnb
No I'm serious
No you don't
I'm learning to be the voice of integrity

I think as s pillows is a good price to pay for 10 percent off
I've gotten like 10 to 20 percent off listing prices
Mac will you try to negotiate the price?
Oh right, then in nashville
For orchestra
Just like in new york
Mac we could cuddle
Mac you can book the original building if you want
Keenan where are you staying right now
What's wrong with it
Where it says 248

<@71716577669550080> are you opposed to living a little further out
the airbnb you picked out is 370 per night for 5 people, we might as well get hotels if we're paying that price
have you looked more at airbnb's or should i?
And the objective of minjing was to increase your access to items to improve your capital
It does but the mechanics don't really change
Mining got super boring
Or it stopped feeling mysterious
It stopped feeling like a challenge
I felt like I was mostly just watering, planting, and building up capital in order to maximize my return on investments
Which is all about maximizing my production schedule
At least the way I play it I guess
I feel like after you get through the initial hump, it feels more like a chore
Starred valley gets repetitive after a while
Is there anyway you can negotiate the price down to about 45 dollars per person?
Like Sunday or monday?
What time do you guys arrive
Why do we need a decent location if we're taking the suvway
The other thing is since I'm only there for Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night, do I only pay for those days
If prefer 30-40 dollars per night
It's kind of expensive
They have weed shops there
Asher Do you want to get high with me in seattle
Me vs Asher one on one drunk vs high dota
and someone already tried to cut my lock
my coworker gave me a nice bike and a lock
why is a u lock bette than a cable lock?
Is it because it's harder to cut?
like i said, it's left ambigious in the show, it's possible that character is coming back or it's possible that his character has closure
tj miller just said he doesn't want to do silicon valley anymore
it's left ambiguous
he wasn't wirtten out
i dont know, it's probably not hosted in the us
what do you mean
yeah
https://solarmoviez.to/movie/silicon-valley-season-4-20441/665098-14/watching.html
did you watch silicon valley
macis going for that 2 am dota
i use facebook to look people up

for me food is a quantity over quality kind of thing
because if it's just watching, i don't think it's worth it for me to go, and i'm just going to hang out with your mom
or is it literally just watching
like does it food and free stuff
mac what oes the weekend dota ticket even get me
mac did the code work?
my laptop can't handle it
i don't think any of us will paly on the heavily modded one
i ran a ~100 gb instance for almost a day and it used only like 25 bucks
are you going to run the mc server?
really fucking helpful

this is jack zhang's only profile picture
try that
https://console.cloud.google.com/billing/redeem
go to the link i sent
i had to create a new google account to test it
you can only apply per google account though
i thought so, but i tried it today and it works
they literally had another 100,000 to redeem
i should have gotten more
i can't use all of it
yeah
5
it can be
you have 1 year to use it
https://cloud.google.com/billing/redeem
7HWD-WGLF-4K6C-7BN1
<@!71716577669550080> mac here's your cookie:
mac i also keep my friend groups distinct but that doesn't mean i don't tell other people about other firends
mac if you tell me one name i will give you a cookie
no mac, i'm going to look them up on linked in
mac give us literally one name of a friend we dpn't already know you hvae
One is the Mac we know, one is hipster Mac, and one is douchebag swag mac
He has 3 different tinder profiles
He's in a fraternity
Mac is actually a socialite
Mac you literally only have examples of people we know you interact with, who else
I just read through the last few lines and Mac is dodging these questions like crazy
Fuck you caught me
I don't know who that is but that top lady is super attractive
Do we take care of living arrangments or will Macs mom?
Are we definitely going with airbnbs then?
Me too, I would prefer a separate room than them though
Is your mom and Henry's mom staying with us?
?
How are we planning on getting around in Seattle?
Uber
You have to keep in mind an extra day of housing is probably 30-50 dollars
<@125452744440938497> <@71716577669550080> Since Keenan isn't coming, do we want to figure out housing soon?
Okay, I can contact my friend.
He's in marketing though
I'm coming Thursday probably around noon and leaving early Sunday morning
I have a friend who can probably let us in
<@71716577669550080> do you have any interest in visiting the Microsoft headquarters with me?
<@155893986605793281> <:sadboy:230133848740986891>
Yeah, let me know when you want to talk
I don't get it keenan
<@155893986605793281> come to seattle yo
Mac tj Miller is leaving silicon valley :(
Have you ever tried amazon fresh
Lol yeaah
I need company for Thursday and Friday when Mac and Asher are at dota
Keenan plz come
I've spent so much money lately
Let me know when you decide to do housinf
Lol
Just booked tickets
Welp
So it's 200 dollars just for Friday and Saturday per person?
Oh it's that much?
I also can't find my frequent flyer number for united
I kind of just want to go saturday
Hmm
Does the ti weekend ticket include Friday or is it just saturday?
There's a good chance I'm going to choose between seattle and sf for after graduation so I might as well check it out now
Fuck it, I'm coming
But if you had nothing else that weekend, would you?
I read that as Idk if I could
Why not ☹
Are you coming for hacknc?
He said he's fine with whatever but I'm afraid it will secretly play into whether I get a return offer or not
Actually I'm more worried that my manager will get pissed I'm missing so many days
But then again I spent 330 on tickets to indiana
I got tickets to Las Vegas for only 140
My tickets would be 220 round trip
How much are you guys spending on plane tickets
Mac how much are tickets for asher
Oh he left
Keenan you going to seattle?
Lol I just guilted amazon into giving me a 5 dollar credit
Because if I'm going to be there Thursday, I would rather do stuff in the city Thursday and Friday and maybe just watch dota on saturday
If Keenan doesn't go, are you guys going to be doing dota stuff only
Hmm, I'll probably book my tickets tonight
Because ideally I book my tickets asap
How sure are you guys of going
So Sunday monring?
I thought you said you wanted to leave Saturday, nvmd
Did you say you were leaving on Sunday or Saturday earlier?
Because if the games run late you'll have to miss the endimg
Mac are you sure you guys are flying out saturday?
Alright, gotta go train this imcompetent backstabbing intern also on my team
I get antsy after like a week of not doing anything.
Then I start feeling like shit for being unproductive
The sad thing is I'm probably never going to retire
It's more like it's my last chance to travel for an extended period without worrying about work
No for like a month.
Then drive around in america
Like England, Germany, and denmark
In probably going to europe
I probably won't start full time until September
Probably traveling
Keenan do you not work at game world anymore
I need to go sleep
I don't know if want bezelless for a laptop
So for me it's between a  lenovo yoga or a surface pro
I think hp is a joke
I don't know.
Personally something about the Dell xps rubs me the wrong way
Can't he just change the batter
Oh
The new ones are much betteer
I think they're underrated
I also might get a Lenovo yoga
You don't need something super powerful for a laptop thoufh
Yeah that's my biggest problem with it
And brew is amazing too
The Linux apt-get package manager is a God send
I would use my pc to play games and use native software
If I got a MacBook, I would only code and entertainment stuff on it.
Can't you run Windows on Macs now
Don't you just use Google docs now
There's a lot of ways to get free was credit
Although there's also no point with cloud
If I don't get a Mac, I would definitely partition Linux
I just don't like the Mac ui
I don't even use my pc now
Yeah, I worked on a Mac for the last 3 weeks and it's so much easier than pc
I'm also pretty sure I'm going to switch to a mac
But I didn't want to get an iphone and have another one come out in a few months
Because the red one just came out
I also considered an iphone
They're the only company that can compete with Samsung on the premium level
They're not
And the s8
For me at the end it was between the s7, the pixel, and one plus 3t
But I don't know how you could use 8gb of memory on a phone
Like it's basically the same phone as the previous generation except for a better processor, a second camera, and more memory
Apparently the new one plus phone isn't very good
I wasn't sure at the time but I am now
Mac it was worth it
<:sadboy:230133848740986891>
Besides looking for the loch Ness monster
What are you doing in scotland
Why do you guys stay up so late now
Oh I've seen that.
I just didn't know it was called x ray
What is that
I've gotten like 20-30 dollars off per night before
Make sure to haggle
I can also look for airbnbs if you want help
And then after the week, we ask for a refund
Guys we should pool our money and invest some real estate in seattle
Not in a 1 bed room
Lol Yeah, I almost got kicked out of a hotel by doing that
Orchestra style
You can also do a hotel split 4 ways
But often a bedroom with 1 bed will allow 3 people
You should put the number of people coming
I would do that if i get to pay a little less
And figure out exact dates
I need to check airline prices
That's the Jessica Jones guy right
Mac is your mom's friend single
Mac can you buy my ticket too or does it have to be the same flight
I'm definitely going if your mom is going
Mac, how are you and Asher living in seattle
Come live with me
I don't think I can bring myself to pay 100 bucks to watch dota
And just chilling with Keenan during the day and all of us during the night
I honestly would be okay with not going to dota
I can only do the weekend but if you're all in town and heading out on Saturday, I can maybe do Wednesday to sunday
Keenan are you going to watch dota or explore shit
I would totally go if Keenan goes
<:sadboy:230133848740986891>
Didn't you just get her
What happened to your chameleon
Wut
Actually I'm like 80 percent sure I'll go to seattle
I don't know how much dota I would watch but I want to explore seattle
?
Keenan is going too.
Oh I forgot
It's only like 200 bucks round trip and I really wanna go to seattle
So I can come thursday and leave monday
I'm thinking about it.
My manager is super flexible about work
Also did you guys sell y our weekend tickets yet?
When is ti
Mac when are you and Asher going to ti
I'm pretty sure it was proven as a hoax a few years ago
How long?
Keenan wher eyou going
If I get them permanently I'll run a Minecraft server
But the event organizer is trying to extend them permanently
So I got 2500 of Google compute credit bit apparent these credits expire after the event or week
That's just the suggested retail.
They're selling on Amazon for like 60
It seems like the headphones aren't on sale for that much
Or what factors do you do compare
What makes them good
Im on my phone but I will probably buy them too
I just let my dick guide me
Yes

i'm working on my new profile pic but i need yours
mac where' syour picture
mac give me one photo of you and i'll change my profile
Mac is 
❌  Woke
✅ Unwoke
wow seriously mac
Mac I meant send another picture of you
https://i.redd.it/slkrgjerdmzy.jpg
Mac send me another picture
The gang
Wow Asher just gonna tease us
I forgot Andy maben
Nothing straightens the spine like sleeping on a hard tile floor
At 2:30am for you
Like everyone is here
Why are you all up so late
I've never played Batman before so I can't follow that comparison
Dishonored is a little too much stealth for me
Buy
I might not it anyway since it's so cheap
I don't think I would like mordor that much most just because I'm not a big lotr fan
The game play looks similar
It seems like bioshock
I'm going watch reviews for wolfenstein and shadow of mordor
I never finished dishonored but I will go back to it
Mac the offer still stands btw
I would ask Mac how he likes Batman bit he's never finished it so I don't know i can trust his judgement
I've never played Batman before
What is ors
I don't be able to play it until August though
Mordor got is 4 bucks eight now
Is shadow of mordor any good
I can't play the modded game either
If I did and just ran a vanilla Minecraft server 24 7 would you guys play on it
Everyone gets 500 to start but most people aren't redeeming any
I'm at a hackathon where Google donated 150,000
I'm at an event where I can possibly get thousands of Google cloud credits
Is it going to be a thing again?
Oh
Mac are you running the Minecraft server on Google cloud
Thanks, I'll look into these.
I can't decide whether I should go budget or invest in a nice pair since I'll be wedaring them for a good amount of the day
I made you stop to check discord
Also <@71716577669550080> go to bed
<@125452744440938497> asher do you have any recommendations for headphones under 50 dollars that are comfortable enough that i can have them on all day?
Sound quality doesnt have to be amazing or anything just comfortable because my ear buds are killing my ears
Yes
Yeah seriously, if you type preciousboy you get this boy <:preciousboy:234377704261156865>
Nice snack
You guys should wait for me
Not yet
I need like 15 mins too
Then what do you do
And I basically farm for a living
Because we all know I play a lot of majora
Does it have to be all 3?
The comic was based off of the video game that was also based off of the board game
Not a lot of people know but kinsman was actually based on a board game
Kingsman?
This is a mobile game right?
Like angry birds
I'll help with some of the coding
😨
Yo I want in too
Cuz they go 4 inches past my finger tips
Do you know why my shirt sleeves are rolled up?
Other picture
The other one is the actual ceo
I live with 3 guys who literally spends 2 hours a night cooking together.
I'm about to blow my brains out
Did your axolotls fuck?
Frown
My friend bigger
☹
<@71716577669550080> the people that I wrote the script for were initially impressed but then realized I was using screen and now want me to rewrite it without screen because they didn't want to learn screen commands
Thanks mac
<@71716577669550080> mac do you know how to open a new tab and run a command in it on bash
Also because I'm 3 hours earlier than you
Because I'm "helping" cook
So is the whole gang
I'm here boo
Faith > bombs
I've already been on it
That's a good reason to get better antivirus
Makes booting up really quick
On my desktop I have nothing on autorun
You have to manually force quit them
Most of the background processes never end
If you hold down the power button it gives your computer more power
why am i not grantkps3
holy shit i'm in
that's the real monitor
or click performance tab, then open resource monitor
and sort by memory usage
click more details
WE SHALL OVERCOME

i was gonna say lol you still use windows 8 but then...
my computer is 4 years old
anytime
ctrl alt dlt
as long as it's 5 seconds behind mac
anytime bud
this pc, then right click, properties

on pc?

yay it unfroze
i can see if my minecraft is loading and the chat at the same time

i haven't given up yet
because my laptop is old
it's been like this for 10 minutes
i don't think this is going to work for me


i would do that to show you mine but mincraft is freezing up my computer
why do we need some many mods
i compulsively close everything
lol if only you knew
if it  takes 15+ minutes to boot up every time, i don't know how much i'm going to play
this severly slowing down my laptop
<:preciousboy:234377704261156865>
wut mac
did you guys end up making a rules doc
are you being serious?

wtf


is it going to take this long everytime or just the first time?
environment file
with a settings file
this should literally all be command line
oh i don't think i picked the forge profile last time ir an it
is this where i change the version?

i'm just saying would running mincraft with all my ram fuck up my coputer
can i make it 8gb or would that be bad?
is the ram right?
-Xmx4096m
is this right?

yes
how do i change to version 1.10.2
how do i allocate more ram
woah they change dthe launcher
fuck, can't remember my password
how heavily modded is this server
i feel like mincraft will be completely different from the last time i played it
okay, stuff got installed
so same instructions for installing on a mac then?
i might
cause better graphics
is it the same instructions for a mac?
because i might end up playing on my work computer
install beyond?
should i click browse ftb modpacks?
should I click install or should I advanced
yup
yeah
okay what do i do next
can i just make a new twitch account
this is actually bullshit because my twitch account is associated with my amazon prime account which gives it premium shit
:/
i just did 5 recaptcha tests in a row
yeah twitch froze my account or something
okay, this might a while

do i need to login with a curse account?
also does this work on macs?
i installe dand launched twitch
no
is it the one from this page?
https://app.twitch.tv/download
why
seriously?
okay what do i do
set up process
mac do you have time to walk me through the istallation process?
Minecraft nude mod yo
Not because Ronald needs them to stay competitive withall of the other 0layers on the server
Only Ronald is allowed x ray mods
What if you just remote desktop into everyone's computer and installed everything
Mac what if you just wrote one bash file that installs everything for everyone.
That would be really nice of you
Here whole gang the is
Mac can you write these instructions somewhere besides chat because I'm going to need them too tonight
They're too close
They've been doing that for the last 10 minutes
Yeah
There's two 40 year old dads sitting across from me cracking up while looking at that
You know about the volume slider thing right
Mac are you subscribed to /r/programmerhumor
After the direct?
I don't know how much I can play so I would need help
Mac live with me
Why scout
What if I host it on he's servers
Yeah
I can have a script that restarts it when it shuts down
Since I can't use it anyways
If we had decided to do this before I left, we could have used my desktop to host
Are we paying for it
Mac what are you hosting on
What's ftb
All the mods are on the server right?
I don't have to install stuff locally
I need something to fill the hole that used to be dota
I hope this actually becomes a thing

mac has a lot of 1's and a lot of 4's
keenan only has 3 number 4's does that mean he's the most well rounded person
it's all up to ben
so we can see if there's any difference in how we perceive ourselves vs how we are perceived
it would be interesting if we all took this format and ranked them ourselves and compared the results
also how does mac beat anyone in music
asher when you're as enlightened as me, you will understand why
lol
mac i spend more time on extra curriculars than you do
what is extracurricular
does countif check against the entire cell or just searches the cell
apparently i also get all the points in likes bad movies
and making dumb lists
because i would say higher score in smoking is better
actually that's not true
lower score is better
1st place = 1 point 2nd place =2 points etc
Mac-103
Keenan-77
Asher-100
Ronald-97
i added a weighted total
's
gang here all the
i might
since keenan's best at animals, he get special perks with animals
we should add a role playing mod with these stats in our minecraft server
we make our own game with these as the stats
or
idk, we would base our stats on these or something
if we ever play dnd or something, this could be fun to use for character creation
i still don't understand why this list was made
and bike a lot more
if it wasn't for the fact that i would have to dispose of it at the end of the summer, i would get a road bike
i think they're dirt roads
there's trails around here and i don't know if a road bike would work on them
does this like it would be a good size?
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/eby/bik/6170149039.html
that doesn't help
like is a 24 inch bike too small
what is a good bike wheel diameter
lol keenan, i just realized what your profile picture is
mac why am i ahead of you in smoking non weed
probably edibles
i'll probably try it again sometime in the next few weeks since it's legal in california
yes
honestly, i tried vaping once for an hour and didnt get high.
then i inhaled like 3 times from a bong and didn't get high and that's the extent of my interactions with weed
when
mac where do you go besides arizona
yeah keenan definitely wins in lifetime
is this in terms of lifetime or recent years/months
also how is mac first in travel
yeah but i can see keenan being ahead of me
i also make pasta and stir fry sometimes
i was planning my grocery trip before mac sent this list
i cook a lot of meats
if keenan cooks everyday, then he definitely beats me though
i cook a lot
i like how almost all of these are actually honest and true except for religion
my parents actually still live in bloomington
yeah i actually go to bloomington pretty regularly
and chicago
and san francisco yesterday
also 3 cities in china
i went to baltimore, dc, philly, jersey city, new york, and boston in the last few months
i've been traveling a lot lately, you don't even know mac
how am i last in travel

Mac why did you do this
What the fuck mac
Good to see you're not busy anymore
Mac you said it so many times I even posted
On gameworld's Facebook, can you post "Are you excited to hear more about the brand new Mario game Mario Odyssey at e3 next week?" and put a picture of the good toad
On gameworld's Facebook, can you post "Are you excited to hear more about the brand new Mario game Mario Odyssey at e3 next week?" and put a picture of the good toad
On gameworld's Facebook, can you post "Are you excited to hear more about the brand new Mario game Mario Odyssey at e3 next week?" and put a picture of the good toad
On gameworld's Facebook, can you post "Are you excited to hear more about the brand new Mario game Mario Odyssey at e3 next week?" and put a picture of the good toad
How was clitbreaker
I feel like you guys enjoy talking about Minecraft mods more than playing them
This is the update we've all been waiting for.
Now we can finally return to Minecraft
How is this different than before?
Anytime
https://m.imgur.com/a/uykiO
Why does Macs username never get changed
https://i.redd.it/w2p37jl73n1z.jpg
<@125452744440938497> <@71716577669550080> I can play in your next game
<@!71716577669550080> i can play now
yeah
i need to buy something from target, i can play in half an hour or 40 mins
whats wrong with mango
why
<@!71716577669550080> <@!125452744440938497> dotes?
<@!125452744440938497>
asher come join us
<@!71716577669550080>
ready?
Yeah give me 15 mins
I kept getting really toxic people
Yeah
That would be a great stomp
No
Both were terrible stomps
All of them
i thought you were working
wow you're just gonna leave
looks like you're busy
hi keenan
unruly bunch
watch out for those memorial day shoppers
i can play a good amount the next few days
what does that mean keenan
mac and asher dotes
mac my gear vr came
i just realized my download is 2.3 gb
Keenan, at the same time
I can play in half an hour
I need to shit and shower
Keenan you cool with picking me up from the airport?
3 < 26
I only need 3 more hours
Literally no ores
Yeah Keenan x ray mods and no resource mod
Cool my plane doesn't land until midnight
Can people play stuff tonighy
I actually bought and beat all the final fantasies
Is the server still happening
It's okay skulls heal and grow back
Anf carry a shield
Or I'll go full safety and wear elbow pads and knee pads too
And without a helmet 😮
I will only bike on sidewalks
I won't have a car the next 3 months
I'm thinking of biking.
I biked for the first time in years last week and thought it was a lot of fun
Keenan do you still bike
I don't have that kind of money
Keenan, 16 bucks for app
I get like 5 days at home then I have to leave again but I should be able to play dotes in california
Play
I'll be home in ~26 hours.
I'll be able to plan then
Can't I'm going to the airport in an hour
Yeah if only Mac came online more often<:preciousboy:234377704261156865>
We're all here
Ff is like 16 bucks
You guys are probably going to make fun of me, but is there any mobile games like rpgs that I should get so I can be entertained on the flight
My roundtrip to San Fran was 580
Especially if lots of people are flying to seattle that week
Is it nice?
I have a lounge pass for united tomorrow
Yeah definitely can't get off work
Mac have you ever been in an airport lounge
Because I will probably find out my availability in a week or two
Did you already sell the extra tickets
Are you guys still going to seattle
And my new fake Rolex that I bought for 4 dollars
With an umbrella
I'm planning on going at midnight release in a suit
I know I'm going to be disappointed
And many people do believe that addiction is a moral failing
It appeals to parents who don't want their kids to use drugs
You sound upset :(
Isn't that used to humanize villians
Are all majors now masters or just this one
What's the difference between majors and masters
Sven is boring to play
And he falls off too
I feel like ursa is hit or miss
I can play an okay tiny
Morphling
Lol Mac so much io
Did you buy the arcana?
I'm going to be able to play dotes maybe  Sunday night and definitely monday
☹
Hello
I need 30 mins before i can play, but it seems like you're in game already so if you finish, can you wait for me
keenan you just don't like it cause i like it
http://variety.com/2017/tv/news/psych-movie-usa-network-reunion-james-roday-dule-hill-1202418993/
<@!71716577669550080> PSYCH MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Are you guys writing a wiki
you gotta end every sentence with 😀 to get mac's attention
i can only do 1 game though
yeah
SO WAS I
I WANNA WATCH
my favorite part about that game was everyone on the other team wagered 250 gold
That's pretty sweet
And a bunch of relatives I've never met
Yeah Keenan you can meet my grand parents with me
If I get it I would have to use real monies
I'm out of steam funds
Like do you think it's worth it for me to get it.
Because I basically only when you guys do and I can't play in may and probably not in August either
Also are you guys going to play to get the rewards this year
Are you and Asher really going to go to ti
Not impressed with the immortals
Io
Or they don't want no to win again
I still can't believe juggernaut won
Oh that's not that bad.
I thought for a second you meant the wagering system for tokens was shifted to mmr
What do mean wager mmr
i now understand why greene didn't like me
i can't believe we actually presented that powerpoint
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1t4ZJ5LJQSzXeAgr4joqehqVymsJn1sjBmXcV-XomM8E/edit?usp=sharing
<@!71716577669550080>  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Mz0fpQ8u4os2z2TVdWM7gbuJcyLVk9h9pnWcC5C3s9o/edit?usp=sharing
<@!155893986605793281> what is bendy chapter one
since it's in the middle of my internship, i won't know if i can go until like the week before
what weekend is it again?
i've decided i'm going to eat stuff when i'm in california this summer.
since it's legal there, i can get a variety of stuff
did you smoke or eat stuff
'are you still high
how was it
k, let me know
i can
Keenan hope you are doing well
Vp is tilting
:(
"No point of being friends" --Mac
I can't, I have something at 1 I need to prepare for
Asher I thought you really liked og
Mad are you coming back this year for hacknc
I don't like how they brought in a bunch of American actors
<@!125452744440938497> dotes?
it's due tomorrow morning
i probably can later tonight like in an hour or two
sorry i can't play right, i literally stopped playing overwatch so i could get soem work done
oh
yeah
Who's dat
do you guys leave early tomorrow
<@!71716577669550080> maaac
<@!71716577669550080> <@!125452744440938497> play dotes wid me
i really don't think they can detect the difference
hwo can they detect the difference
i don't know if the number thing is actually going to help, it's really easy to register a temporary number
mac are you going to be gone the whole weekend
i didn't think you woudl play dota in the middle of the day
speaking of phones 18 MORE HOURS
ya
rude
like westworld vs samurai world
what if we had differnet sections fo the map for different things, almost like seperate maps
i'm being serious, i can't remember what i was trying to do last time, but i almost modified the minecraft files myself because i got pissed off
like are they something that can be downloaded or do you have to modify the source files
are these existing mods?
cause some of this sounds very custom
power drills
checkmate
mac what do you need to craft an enchanting table?
diamonds
also it takes at least an hour to mine dimond for the first time
yeah but what if those tools break
yes it totally did
i need to x ray the cows
can i use x ray mods
We would also get a bunch of villagers to do shit
Like each of us will have a section and there can be some central building or temple
Yeah I like the idea of building an island city
Sounds like civcraft
stardew valley mod
because if you stopped it, everything should still be saved
did you stop the instance or did you terminate the instance?
a new map
we could also start a new server
Mods or no mods?
Lol
was that a teaser trailer?
?
what is that/
Need
Cool,  can you give me 15 mins I.
We'd to eat something
So you're not going to play?
Don't we want to wait for asher
Yeah
<@!125452744440938497>  <@!71716577669550080>  i'm going to play in like 10 mins, play wid me
if someone else does
probably
i will
is there any reason to get a 4000 dollar graphics card.
wouldn't it be more cost efficient to just upgrade every year
why is it so expensive
Is that the card that's known for being super powerful?
lol
which was stupid
i wasn't thinking celcius
true, but i don't have a large enough table
Also, if the fan sound gets really loud everytime i play a video game, does that mean i should clean out the dust
i think my cpu gets a lot hotter than that
so are you big boy
god i hate identity politics
lol roger gets sassy in his comments
i'm also 100% serious about debating roger, can you let him know
i'm actually running fo rpresident of diphi this week
yeah lol
because i know that's social suicide
i wouldn't do it over facebook
i'm pretty sure i'm more conservative than 95% of the people at IU
i actually agree with roger on the free pseech thing
that would actually be pretty interesting because i debate in the same way as roger except i know when it's not appropriate to debate
yeah
yeah, but he has to understand that not everyone is open to debating
but he's a fucking idiot for poking a hornets nest
i agree with mac's points on roger
i brought watercolor paint
he didn't appreciate my monet styling
i thought it was a fine arts job
i signed up to one of roger's painters
where can i read this all this hot gossip from roger?
Mac I'm coming
What game is this
i've been thining about watching that
was he the only owner?
could he have sold it
why did sunsfan get kicked from team sunsfan
i can't either, i have homework and have to get up at 7 tomorrow
<@!71716577669550080> when so I have to make a decision by?
did you already buy tickets?
and how hard would it be to sell?
shit mac, i had to complete an assignment and didn't see this
i'm playing dota so i don't have to do work
oh that's not far
do you wanna play dotes
i guess if you 3 all had the same flight you could uber for pretty cheap
but is there one from the airport to hotel/dota venue
once we get there
would we need a car?
because the other places that i'm going to don't require as much time
i'm going to go to seattle at some point either way so i might as well use my paid time off for that
hmm, i can still probably take off thursday and friday and spend thursday, friday and saturday in seattle and then go back on sunday
actually, it's jsut 11 weeks from june 5th, so i can count it out
let me see if i can find an exact date for when the internship ends
that's probably true
This is also contingent on the fact that ge will pay for my flight from seattle to north carolina instead of from san francisco to north carolina
i need to double check my work end time again
oh, i thought the finals were saturday and sunday
How would asher and keenan get to seattle?
I think it would be better if you didn't get me tickets.
If keenan is in seattle, we could just hang out and that would save us all money on housing
the other thing is, i can still go for the last 4 days to seattle and room with you guys, i would just go explore the city and do other stuff but we can still cut on rooming costs.
Keenan and I could do other stuff
can i just watch outside
Mac when would we have to make this decision by?
and i can fly out from the seattle area airport
i plan on visiting seattle sometime over the summer anyways
I might actually be able to go for the last 4 days.
i'm working in the east bay and get 2 days off so i could potentially stop working by the 9th of wednesday.
I can also do overtime earlier and get more time off
i spent maybe 120 dollars for 6 nights living in airbnbs during spring break
airbnb can get pretty cheap if you have multiple people
i think aug 11th is my last day
give me a min
i don't think i can go for the whole week but at least 2 days of the week and the weekend
yeah, but it's close to seattle
mac if you go to ti you should come visit me
i'm ready
i need like 40 mins to cook and eat food
can one of you tell macgregor to check his discord
i'm ready
then ic an play
give me one game of ow
at least i have this japanese boy
ugh so i have no phone and no car for like the next month 😦
Goddamit the !
Recommendation is right next to the send button
!?
What were the split pushing buffs!
Any morphling changes?
Wow Japan sure is the bomb
I want a small Japanese boy
<@!155893986605793281> here you go keenan

did you guys all get one?
ARE YOU RIDING BACKSEAT???
It's weird actually having a say in what I'm going to drive now
Except it was blue
Shit I think I was looking at your car then
What year
Keenan what's the model of your car
I pretty much have to sell whatever I get after a year anyways
I was legit considering a scooter
My car is 5000 maz
Total repair and service was going to be 4500
The insurance totals your car if total repair and service work is above like 70 percent of your cars value
Oh I guess never told you guys but my car got totaled so I have to buy a new one now
I was looking a car that was a two door honda at a reasonable price and was wondering if it was like yours
wtf new overwatch hero
<@!155893986605793281> what's the model of your car?
Or you can fly in and do it with me
I'm going to modify the program a little so it's more demonstration friendly
It's the carolina challenge if you google it
What if I win money
Mac can I pitch textin at a pitch competition?
The sad thing is this happened to another one of my classes yesterday too
I was going to skip it and them forced myself to go and was feeling really good about making myself go
Like she brought donuts in two days ago.
I didn't think it through and there were no announcements on canvas
Actually I think the class ended
I hate it when I force myself to get out of bed and go to class and then find out that the professor canceled it
Seems too hard
I haven't played it since I initially loaded it
Macs feedback is always so insightful
I heard the male lead in fifty shades hares his role but he signed a contract for all the movies and can't back out
I know you didn't come with us but still
Mac seriously how do you not know about this
About the time when I tried to watch django when j was 16
No that was a joke
I can buy a ticket for the hobbit and sneak in
Hmm logan is rated r
Well mac you weren't invited anyways
Like 1 giant building or city with uniform architecture
The other thing we could do is work on one project all together in creative
What's harvest cradt?
Is your modded minecraft server still happening
I think it's pretty cool that its entirely in the console
When I was complaining about stardew valley, I was thinking more about developing a game myself
Like I don't even know if the game started or if it's still building the world
Okay I have no idea what's going on

Idk df graphics don't look very modern
That gives you more time to start up other opportunities to make more money
I meant more on an official capacity like you actually manage employees to do stuff on a salary
You can have babies?
That's probably my biggest disappointment with the game.
The dog doesn't do anything
Like how the dog doesn't do anything
Really?
I thought the spouse didn't do anything
It would also require a lot more planning ahead and resource management
Mac you know what they should add to stardew valley?
The ability to employ npcs to do certain tasks.
It decreases profit margins and could potentially increase production times but it would allow much more scaling
is this a virus
mac what is the only a little cool tune
i finished my stuff i'm probably going to play another game
idk, how cool is it?
can anyone else play stuff in like 20 mins?
what about flying
i'm ready
Yes in like 20 mins
you should've invited me, i'm in town
So rude
Wow mac
I feel like that would always be really weird.
Running into someone at college that you never really talked to in high school
it's supposed tobe overclocked though
without overclocking
it works great for any game on a 1080p moniter
msi custom one
rx 470
I heard if you return items too often they can shut down your amazon account without warning
That being said, they charged me for 3 months of wsj that I didn't know about and would only refund the most recent month
The last time I tried to return something, they just gave me a full refund and let me keep the item too
I thought they paid for shipping too
You just can't do it a lot
I thought amazon returns are free?
I heard he likes Zelda too
Sell it to keenan
Wut
I've never played broken steel because my fallout 3 save was on an old computer :(
Does it have to be scientific research?
Mac can I make a submission?

Wtf is mac posting
http://sekelsky.bio.unc.edu/People/JeffSekelsky.html
this guy hit my car
😦
mac you should join call even if you can't play
I don't even know how ability draft can work after 7.0
I love escorting me some kiddos
And laptop sales are dwindling because of tablets and phones
Yeah, their problem is that only their ThinkPad products are the only products making a profit
They want to establish themselves as number e behind samsung
But that's what lenovo wants for the moto line
Mac the reason I asked I'd because I'm doing a study on whether lenovo products have a price premium relative to other brands and how much greater the price premium for Apple and samsung are
It's actually a good investment because they're going to get rare and appreciate in value
Windows phones are where it's at right now
Also asher as well
Mac did you like your moto x
What do the captions say
What if all overwatch characters looked like that
I had to turn down the brightness of my phone
Yeah it's hot in the desert
Yeah
D
D
D
Is that how she looks all the time
D
X
D
X
D
D
D
D
D
D
I couldn't get through mr.
Robot it just got weirder and weirder
I don't think it's on Netflix at all
I watched the first season and thought it was better than breaking bad.
But also more depressing
Like amazon prime or like buy to stream amazon
How do you watch it
Jesus keenan even I know that
I thought the witcher won
Max did you ever watch more of better call saul
Especially since it's not even in the Holy genre of fps rpg
Mgs seems expensive
Including the animals
There needs to be a mod of fallout 4 that just gives everyone boobs
Keenan I'm a sniper with boobs in fallout 4
Gonna get into stardew valley
I have basically nothing going on this weekend
I need to play all the games mac sent me
Is it a fps rpg
Is it expebsice
It's not on pc right?
Do you think I would like mgs
only the aristocrats know how to use it
emojis are just a more sohpicated form of japanese
this is subway in japanese
keenan everyone can read japanese, they're just pictures
yeah navigating the nyc subways are surprising intuitive and that's coming from someone who has no sense of direction or navigation
also crowded as fuck
aren't they a lot faster than american ones?
i miss the subways
also planning spending a night or two in nyc
montreal
cool, i trying to go to cananda for spring break
i was going to ask you how ai's mom is 100 years old then i realized you were probably exaggerating
to tour stuff or other reasons?
why?
lol evan's mom is in the facebook event, she already hates me
yo when are you going to japan
i'm pretty sure that post just sent out like 200 notifications to people i mostly don't know
i don't think they deleted your stuff
oh no, this is for evan and philip's thing
lol what did you post?
i didn't even see it
see you there
https://www.facebook.com/events/207924223007781/
keenan, i see you're going to this as well
this is how book clubs start
show up
fuck you keenan, one of these days i'm actually gonna show you, then i'll be the one laughing
We all really got into for honor
i hateto be the one to breakthis to you but we've actually stopped playing dota
Lol mac
Wow mac, just gonna leave keenan hanging
Wow asher, just gonna leave keenan hanging
oh most of the files themselves are protected 😦
i'm going to download that entire directory and see what i can find
i don't think he has exam solutions here, but he has future quizes
This is our professor's directory, he didn't password protect anything besides the grades

<@!71716577669550080>
<@71716577669550080>
https://i.imgur.com/cv0iEfP.png
Monkey king is broken
Lol
What tournament is this
They won't let me romance dogmeat
Can i
I can use that link too or is it a one time link
If there was an actual open ec9bomy
I think multiplayer could be really fun
from what i've heard, stardew is like 2d minecraft with a more robust economy
i've seen keenan play super meat boy, it's not my type of game
The witness isn't through steam right?
Mac how do you already have all these random games
I don't want to get it for free if it's only one copy
Can you give me a download of the witness
Witness is drm free
But I don't know if I could handle it
From mac
I kind of want to buy the stardew valley code
is it worth 30 bucks though
Mac if you get the freedom bundle can u get a drm free copy of the witness and the Stanley parable
Can I buy it with 1 dollar this time or is there a minimum for this one
Mac how does humble bundle work
at first i read that as just an egg omlett but then i saw the eight
i needed to finish my assignment
okay i'm ready
mac that's how you break hearts
well now he's gone
give me like 20 mins
mac
In like 20 mins
I can a little later.
I'm not at home right now
mac come
i'll play after i eat
for running
wear those toe shoes
there's some loafers that don't require socks
wear shoes tha don't require socks
this is the first time i've been up this early voluntarily ina  long time
yeah
and dishonored and fallout new vegas is basically instant
loading screens for skyrim is less than 5 seconds
probably takes aobut 20 seconds for me
with the texture pack, i can easily see 2+
sometimes longer if it's loading the outside world
usually takes between 15 seconds to a minute to load an area
i don't have a problem with the graphics but the load times are probably going to be really long
i might have to get an ssd to run this
how big is the witcher 3
or so
the base game is another 22
that's just the hd texture pack

All classes are in Ballentine
Mac is lying
and i'm just trying to put in the minimal effort to get through it and make it to the summer
cause i don't care aobut my classes right now
keenan, i understand that mentality maybe it's a junior thing
i've been forcing myself to eat 5 lbs of salad every week
yeah me too, good thing  my rquired classes don't require a lot of work
and the more i forced myself to think like that, the easier it became
then i tell myself to stop being a pussy ass bitch and just do it
the way i got passed that wsa i thought about long term goals and asked myself if i wanted to fuck up those goals for some momentary satisfaction
I had that problem last semester
i get just as much utility not playing a game of dota as playing a game of dota
i also feel like i don't really play any video games right now
i was really focused last semester, this semester i just don't have a lot of work
if it doesn't sell out, i'm actually going to buy a switch
mac someone could have stuck their dick in the wii u and sent it back
mac do i look like a refurbished kind of person?
emphasis is on NEW
all this dumb reviewers are talking about how it's similar to dark souls but all i see is skyrim
i needed a wii u deluxe less than 250 .
nowhere had priceslike that
nioh is literally skyrim
mac i have bigger boobs than you
http://pearlhacks.com/
you could also come to the hackathon this weekend'
yeah
if you come to chapel hill
i'm actually watching the nioh review right now
😦
http://imgur.com/Na9jGYR
What is
What nioh
morphling buff yay
i like how you can google just 7.02  and get the dota update
this is the one we all went to
😦

:( I didn't realize
Even I know this
It's actually of
best sara
it's the company behind sara lee bread and thomas english muffins
it's supposed to be a household brand
in spnaish apparently, it's just attrative woman
blonde busty and dumb woman
of bimbo?
it's parent company is mexican and in spnaish it doesn't have the negative connotations
i was talking to someone in that group and they said that one of their biggest problems is their name
i'm in a consulting program/class and one of the other group's client is bimbo bakeries
you probably ate their stuff
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bimbo_Bakeries_USA
it's not even dirty
how come you didn't invite me to this mac

my email wasn't attaching it for some reason
i specifically asked you not to look at it
yeah
the one i posted in here to transfer it to my laptop
you guys are just letting anyone in these days

mac this is getting you back for ripping me on that flyer i made
HE'S ADDICTED TO LEARNING
Mac is a sophomore studying cognitive science, computer science, and math.
His college career revolves around research, academics, and fun side projects (like the development of this website).
He's addicted to learning and fascinated by so many things to the point where it's unhealthy.
The research lab that he's in studies how fingerprints are analyzed and compared in the field of forensics.
Please direct any questions or concerns regarding this website to him.

mac, but you could be nothing
what is iujur
i think the trailer just came out
also is iron fist any good
for what club mac
I think it might have been an assessment t
I was forced to do it for some reason
I think I've done it before
Because I can totally see some non technical kid doing it on word, realizing it was supposed to be in .txt, and just adding a .txt to the end
Was the required submission format .txt?
<@127535721857679362> pirate the music and then spend your money on stuff that can't be substituted
They're probably just dumb
Lol mac
Rdr isn't on steam.
I've looked
I've played 15 of those games
Apparently vp is out of Dac already because of Internet issues
So .equals () is invalid but .Equals () is rigbt
In c# all methods and properties star with capiral letters which is really annoying
One checks the object reference and the other one compares values
In java .equals and == aren't the same thing
I can never remember the difference between == and .equals () I have to look it up every time
In what language is not equals not !=
sure
mac you do see the resemblance right?
the content of thyat post was deleted
https://www.google.com/search?q=clementine+westworld&rlz=1Y3JHSK_enUS591US592&biw=360&bih=559&tbm=isch&prmd=niv&source=lnms&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiZn8Pmr_TRAhVDTSYKHS0iCngQ_AUIBigC
Not talking about her
mac it's clemintine from westworld
http://imgur.com/pvreR4N
i'll play in 15 mins
<@!71716577669550080> <@!125452744440938497> let me know if you want to play dotes tonight
gotta repair those heroes
This isn't dota or fallout
Is this multiplayer
And I can't figure out how to change it
Also it named me kiran
But at least the tutorials are skippable
This game is too complicated
It keeps making me download more data
Can I play with you if I'm on android and you're on ds?
Is this where Marth is from?
It has in app purchases
This?

Isn't that only on ds
What is fe
I hit lvl 13 in dark moon.
Alchemists killed everyone
Mac play dotes with me
There was a second one?
It's more mystery than horror
i think i watched with keenan and philip
the 2002 one is really good
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ring_(2002_film)
ring
rign
it's a remake of rign
Keenan do you think rings is gonna be any good?
it doesn't like that i repeatedly make the same post requests
this fucking recaptcha

<@71716577669550080> I can in an hour
Someone should design a mod for minecraft that really extends the automation of farming which makes the entire game about designing the largest farm that can mass produce products but still maintain efficiency and elegance
Anyone who has venmo, is friends with you on facebook, or who has your phone number

if you keep using it, it gets more and more complicated
this website has the picture selection which is even more annoying
i saw that, i feel like it's just with the check box ones
the recaptcha is annoying though
it's one of the few sites that lets you write custom headers and body too
i just found out about it yesterday
<@!71716577669550080> this site is amazing https://www.hurl.it/
Someone probably had to combine a video game with education and came up with that
This is the kind of shit that gets made in the gaming class
I heard overwatch on ps4 is pretty good
Better than you know yourself
They just know you too well asher
Fallout 4 is coming out with an official HD texture pack that is an additional 58 gbs making the game 80 gbs.
Wtf
is it possible to order directly from the manufacturer?
i haven't found any candy online that is cheaper than in stores
twizzlers are 1.88 per pound at my local grocery stores
The 4 pound jelly belly jelly beans were only like 18 bucks
Or Sam's club
The thing is, it's cheaper to buy them at costco
No I havent but I really want to
Keenan I consider myself an amazon
Can later tonight
What fucking nerds
Wtf I had no idea mac and asher had glasses
i want to lick your dark moon
anyone want to do dark moon
Look at that smile
I can play in about half an hour to an hour
I probably can
I'm building a backend in c sharp for a restaurant
Java for wensites
That sounds terrible
Lol
Mac do you ta for that class?
I'm bored too you should come over and chill with me
You fuckers
i can't tonight sorry, i need to cram my entire week's worth of homework into today
no, it wasn't me, it was someone else in his class but he talked about it as an example
why would he have a shortcut then
Mac you should ask him about how he feels about dota
I know he has a daughter who did swimming was at south
Oh right it was the one article that was kind of bullshit
Was our picture in it?
Oh right I forgot that there was an article about us
Out of the blue or did you ask about me?

What is the 1 2 switch
Yo who can play stuff tonight
And it makes everyone including other faculty uncomfortable
It's also weird cause he acts like a college student outside of class
It looks like he tried and couldn't figure it out
should i do it?
yeah that's the part that makes me uncomfortable
he's the director of my consulting group right now
i've literally  never talked to him about minecraft or even video games
i cannot make this shit up
This is my consulting professor

What does it fo
Shadow editor?
keenan, coke zero "was primarily market to yonger men around the world who shunned the 'diet' label"
i've been trying to finish reading a report for the last hour
books don't have boobs
the plot has always been about who is going to gain power and how characters are going to manipulate poltiics or kill each other to get it
it totally is
thanks asher
it's been 6 seasons
they could have more impact
It's been 6 six seasons and the dragons haven't done shit
Keenan you don't even watch game of thrones anymorr
That's like if you take kingsman and add aliens in one scene that is ne er a dressed again
The problem is it focuses so much on politics the magic is just extra
Imagine if it was just politics
The dragons haven't done shit.
They just fly around and eat up the cgi budget
I don't like game of thrones because there's magic but it's literally never used except to birth out a demon baby who kills one person and is never talked about again
Yeah mac, that's a pretty good video
I saw oceans 11 which I thought was hard to believe
I've never seen oceans 12
He forgot to turn off location Services so that's how they know he's in russia
9 of 10 that's how cyber crime is solved
It's not like it says both our names or anything
I have different music on site
I have two ears mac

lol mac you're name is still in the meta data for the game world website
how do you not know how much you make
can you use an offer from relish to leverage a raise from game world
why are you leaving game world
what is relish
just because the chinese flag is red and firetrucks are red doesn't mean she's a firefighter
wow that's even worse
what kind of nazi alt right stereotyping bullshit is that
they literally just implied that because she's chinese she celebrates chinese new year
i'm super offended
i like escape the room esque games
YES they're the best!
i like how you guys both go offline after that
i would buy a wii right now, but i can't find a place that's selling new ones
what are joycons
i don't understnad keenan
who thought milking cows would make a good game
😦
is it gonna have wii sports
also it's mostly for my brother
but i can play skyrim
is nintendo not going to release any of their games with it?
is it going to sell out really fast on release day?
because i'm legit going to buy a switch now
is it tooo late to pre order?
and it's still only 300?
would it still be the same motion quality?
so it's basically a wii but with more features?
this is probably a stupid question but do the switch controllers function like wii controllers with motion sensors


k, let me know when ready
i probably need to update
give me 3 minutes
<@!71716577669550080>  I just saw your messag,e do you stillw ant to play dotes
What if minecraft added cross species breeding 🐷 🐮
I don't think I convince myself to go to the serious games class
http://i.imgur.com/f6RUXm8.gifv
i can't take compilers because i haven't finished the computing theory class, i'm basically cucked into taking serious games
if i want to take a comp sci class, it's between serious games and compilers
mac have you taken a course on compilers?
i just found out epic games is headquartered in cary
is that programming focused or design focused?
no, does IU?
for bureaucratic reasons
according to another post, everything we make has to be games geared towards education
the only times i've ever heard him talk is about that class or making a game
mac the guy responding is the guy who kept telling us not to talk to the companies at hacknc

there's an honors section of serious games
i also need an exercise course that i shoudl have taken my freshman year
the last two are actually hard classes
so  my options are this, a class which is basically like this but instead of making games, we make tools and stuff for disabled people, compilers, or idstiributed systems
i think it's one of those project based classes where the lectures are all jsut filler content
"What is a critique?"
the class will asnwer the question "What is a game?"
do you think that looks interesting or is a bunch of bs?
http://www.cs.unc.edu/Courses/comp585-s15/syllabus.pdf
small size and professor is supposed to be really good
it's really hard to get into.
i would need to suck off the professor
i kind of really want to take a class of game development now
but it also has to be a business class though because otherwise i can't park in the morning
before 11
i can't decide if i want to take a really early class or beg a professor
ugh, i still can't fingure out my schedule
mac drinks it too
can i just be basic
keenan, i drink the grapefruit ones.
basic bitches only drink the lemon lime ones
do you guys think taking a game dev class would be fun
i don't get it
mac i started drinking la croix
All my weekends are 3 day weekends
right click my name on the left side bar
and it seems like you can't hear me either
now i can't hear either of you
keenan you might have me muted
yeah
are we still playing ow sometime tonight
Made me want to play minecraft
I tried to build my house in fallout and realized the crafting is pretty bad unless you want to build a shack
k, i'll head out now and be there at 4 am
what
is that a short story or a long story game?
what's mgs
yeah i think that's the same class
https://www.cs.unc.edu/~plaisted/comp455/syllabus.pdf
yeah i think that's the same class
yeah i think that's the same class
what if we were in the same class
because i'm taking a computing theory class as well
mac what does your computing theory class cover?
i thought she was going to have an erection as well
nice
legends of tomorrow just got renewed for a third season
i know you like hard boiled eggs
were
we they hard boiled
Yeah I saw.
I didn't know him that well though

https://images.discordapp.net/.eJwFwdENhCAMANBdGIBWWlHchiBBc0oJ1Phxud3vva95-mU2c6i2sQHs50jSdztUeizZFpFy5djOYZPcEFVjOu5cdYBzSLisPPNK6AMzguPAOPtALvDEwRPBUz9V3mpbLeb3BwZ_Itw.Bz_JF9shwNxwS-T2ty273wizExg
Still the best picture


It's really lonely on discord right now.
You all should come online and talk
And boiled
Hard
i was showering but i wasn't naked
<@71716577669550080> check your phone
that's probably what the kid wanted
https://www.applebees.com/Menu
Make sure to review this before hand
I just got stopped by security because of the game cube
https://github.com/cholical/textserv
i can in half an hour

Yeah I just got home like 2 hours ago
I'm kinda ezhausted.
I think I'm gonna go to bed.
I can play stuff tomorrow
We should watch the seduction of dr.
Fugazi again
can't in a hotel
I think I'll get dishonored
Is dishonored any good
yeah
yeah
i will in a bit
You sicilian bastard
there should be an option to proceed without a code
idk how the trial version was different but it was usuable
when i installed windows 10, it gave the option of doing a trial version without putting in my code
fallout 4 without dlc was 23 for me
true, i uninstall as soon as a i finish even thoguh i have space
id imagine dark souls is more
one game is like 10 gb
didn't keenan just pay for google drive
get much more for your money than a 1 tb one at 50 bucks
it's like 60-70 bucks for a 2 tb one
i also won't have to deal with tangled wires
i'd rather spend a little more to try out wireless ones
idk, wired earbuds break a lot on me
if it's wirelessthen i don't have to worry about that
the mean reason i need new earbuds is because they always break atthe 3.5 jack area
what hassle?
i just bought bluetooth speakers today and it's great
why?
https://www.amazon.com/AYL-Wireless-Bluetooth-Cancelling-Smartphones/dp/B014EGE9G6/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1481860533&sr=8-2&keywords=bluetooth+earbuds
i thinki'm gonna spend a little more and get blue tooth earbuds
the headphones work, they juset don't fit in my phonewhen the case is on
me too
i just bought some cheap headphones from amazon because i needed to hit 35 dollars on my order.
i asked to return it, and they said they didn't do returns on that product but they can just refund me without getting it back
From a hardware perspective
The fact that you can see the windows icon should mean your hdd is fine
Like can you get into the bios menu
Are you sure it's your hard drive?

nobody plays that anymroe mac
<@!71716577669550080> you sure you don't want to get in on this?
i know you're online and reading this
should be done soon
still downloading update
cool
besides dota
do you any of you want to play something
That was pretty fun.
We went on a massive winning streak
This summer
There's also too many gameplay changes
It's too much
Someone should make a custom game that's just regular dota.
I would play that
i've been more or less done with dota since the summer
everyone's here
I feel like we need a good understanding of dota before making a bot
Mac dota is just got so much harder I don't think I will ever spend the time to understand it again
I'll show you my music when I come
Me too
Keenan didn't you want to make a game?
We should work on some dev project
Also when di you guys finish finals
What do you have that takes up so much spacd
Yeah I might just go for speakers.
During black friday, there were really good ones going for 20-30 bucks
I've been using prime music more and more
But is it worth sacrificing some if that quality for some of the dots features
So the Google home is more than I want to spend on speakers.
So I'm going to look more at the dot or just go with Bluetooth speakers that go on discount
lol
keenan, i don't think you could handle my playlist
yeah i think i would probably go witht he google home over the dot, i still have 20 something dollars of google credit that i wouldn't otherwise spend
actually i might go for the google home instead since i use google  music more than prime music
i need portable speakers and it seems to be more useful than just a regular speaker
what do you guys think of the amazon echo dot?
i think i'm going to get one
have any of you guys seen black mirror?
whatthe acutal fuck.
monkey king can turn into a tree and move around
i'm going to uninstall
the whole talent thing completely changes how metas work
this is actually just too much to learn to be worth it
i think i might be done with dota
illusions give gold whhhhhhhhhhhy
illusions wtf
backpacks wtf
slardar viper wtf
monkey king disguise wtf
the hud wtf
I'm afraid to look at 7.00
I don't know why they have to keep changing it
What's a slider
I haven't looked at 7.0 at all yet
There's so much I don't know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8syQeFtBKc
Being a basic bitch allowed me to finish my sales.
Just gotta connect with the customers
i was courious and looked it up, you have to cut the thing in half
they totally did that on purpose
can you replace the battery without destroying the tile
oh i didn't realize it was a subscription service, that makes it kind of shitty
also https://www.thetileapp.com/
you can also get a 3d printing pen
i think this one lets you use fingers as well
i'm assuming she already has a kindle?
a little pricier
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B010LHRWN4/ref=s9_acsd_bw_wf_a_eseggwat_cdl_4?pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-13&pf_rd_r=16F0TJBHBB5CZX2GJT1Z&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_p=51eb8f64-c115-4bb3-a25d-08b0191788f1&pf_rd_i=172282
https://www.amazon.com/All-New-Amazon-Echo-Dot-Add-Alexa-To-Any-Room/dp/B01DFKC2SO/ref=s9_simh_gw_g451_i1_r?_encoding=UTF8&fpl=fresh&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=&pf_rd_r=DSRRGFPZECJEP1T0K38X&pf_rd_t=36701&pf_rd_p=e9951ed6-4f5c-42db-ac45-a73c63399448&pf_rd_i=desktop
do you think ricky would buy one?
😦
Yes
you guys know i would never do charity unless i had to or for personal gain
i've sold 8 with that post in the last 2 hours
ugh it's for a class you fucks
why get an mp3 player when you have a phone
Wtf did mac just agree to drink
i would say the only thing skyrim beats fallout in is the theme song, although both are really good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVy7YPNP_zI
maaaaaaaac
i'm ready <@!71716577669550080>
i can later tonight
https://www.amazon.com/Wireless-Bluetooth-Headphones-Earphones-Tablets-Green/dp/B00WFXI39A/ref=gbps_tit_m-5_b061_b255fbee?smid=ABSHX6ONBFDMO&pf_rd_p=d570f235-a833-442f-91c1-bc2096fcb061&pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-5&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_i=5550342011&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=S7R3AWQ5XBRZBXVY24KF&th=1
<@!125452744440938497> are these headphones any good?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIwcxINkzcA
<@!240129712645603329> how is cities skylines, does it require a lot of learning before it's fun
let me know when
yeah
it's the universal currency
i thought you didn't have a compuyter though
yeh
and i still need to build my town
also some bosses that aren't part of the main story that I haven't fought
yeah, i did most of the quets but there's still about half of the locatiosn that I havent' explored
i could easily spend another 60 hours exploring the rest of the locatiosn and finishing side quests
i went with the institute and blew up the brotherhood
i beat the mains story line
keenan, do you know if the dlc is worth getting?
i just beat fallout 4, it was a lot sadder than i thought
god fucking shit, i invested 30 bucks into fallout 4 and now it's only 20 bucks
i need to play some kind of rpg game that's not fallout
at this point, i'm just waiting for monday to find a wii and nexus 6p
what are jrpgs
i can just get a wii and play that on the wii
yeah but i don't play indie games, i only play games made by real companies
that i wouldn't be able to play on my computer
my main thing is that i don't think there's a lot of ds games that interest me
i was joking
idk, i heard mobile games are pretty good
i tried out again yesterday at bestbuy
but the 3d makes me sick
i kind of want to buy that 99 3ds too
no, not that time we tried to go, i tried to go by myself once and i actually made it in but it took forever to checkout
last time i went to walmart for a black friday event, the line wrapped around the inside of the store
https://www.walmart.com/col/Boys-Winter-Pajama-Sleepwear-and-Robe-Collection/47210933
was this what you got mac
i tried once, you just have to wait in line for like 4 hours to checkout
it's also slim
asher walmart has a ps4 deal for 250 with an uncharted bundle
if i hadn't just bought myself something off amazon, iw ould total get those speakers
i would want a new one though
how big are cyber monday sales, i've never payed attention to cyber monday
i guess the price hasn't gone down at all then
mac how much did you get yours for?
that's a much nicer bluetooth speaker with lots of reviews
https://www.amazon.com/Anker-SoundCore-Bluetooth-Dual-Driver-Distortion/dp/B016XTADG2/ref=gbph_img_m-3_0837_66e5a0be?smid=A294P4X9EWVXLJ&pf_rd_p=a04da138-7e47-44a9-96d0-3a0861a20837&pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-3&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_i=384082011&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=SEXCEZVA4VXWZ593S8XP
nexus 6p is now at 480, i would probably buy it if it goes below 400
i once bought an iron for 20 bucks on amazon that leaked water
i don't need it to be good, just usable
https://www.amazon.com/Yiwanda-Ultra-Portable-Wireless-Bluetooth-Speaker/dp/B01DSTJ3K2/ref=gbph_tit_m-4_9fd9_fe3c75c0?smid=A3RM2PDYCU6MZZ&pf_rd_p=fc0df491-8d0a-474c-bd30-28e351859fd9&pf_rd_s=merchandised-search-4&pf_rd_t=101&pf_rd_i=384082011&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=SEXCEZVA4VXWZ593S8XP
asher do you think this is any good?
i'm really tempted to buy a fire tablet just to see how bad it is
as much as it hurts me to say that
tbh fallout new vegas is better than fallout 4

asher i can hear you but you can't hear me
what are you watching westworld on, is it on nextflix
😦
mac can't you play dotes on your laptop?
this dva in my 3v3 game is single handedly carrying us
what's westworld, i've heard a lot of people talk about it
<@!71716577669550080> mac come play stuff with us
let me finish the 3v3
I think it's because keys are becoming the onlys table currency because they're backed by real money.
everything else has no intrinsic value.
When new stuff comes out, the pool of items get larger and larger and as more aesthetically pleasing items come out, even rare aesthetic items from the past are no longer valued as much.
this creates a snow ball effect in which people who keep their keys stored as buds lose faith in buds and try to sell them off and as more people try to sell them off, the value drops
Do you guys want to play Ow sometime tonight
okay, ready
hang on, let me switch internets
coming
mac are you gonna play stuff
i can play dotes
is this summit finals
since when did vp get good
All he really wants is smash and lego but I want mario kart
Yeah
Also should I get 3 additional controllers in addition to the tablet controller?
I think mario maker is too hard, I'm getting smash, mario kart, and some lego dimensions for a start
Also I'm supposed to get my brother a wii u this thanksgiving.
What is a good price for it now and what games are good
With a side of bread
You can order from the kids menu again
In the a same booth as before
But we need to sit in the booth
You can sit at the bar even if you don't drink
Also keenan, we need to eat at Applebee's once, no joke.
Its very important to me
Mac I was going to say I'm going to play dota tonight but it seems like you only want to play dota with asher
Did you pick a female one on purpose


Omg mac
You look fucking adorable
Omg mac
yeah, i can play dotes in an hour or so, i can't call though and might not have sound either
iare you guys going to play dotes sometime tonight?
newer flagship phones will be more like 500-600
i want a flagship phone for 300-400 bucks
mac do you think getting a nexus 6p is still worth it or should i go for a newer phone
Before the emotes were just there but now we use specific ones for specific reasons
We're becoming twitch chat
I love the fact that ricky is now an emote
:( we still have class Monday and tuesdya
Do you guys have a week for thanksgiving break
This is a pokemon go update right?
Did someone say rotom.
I like rotom
nah heaven's pretty nnice
fuck it i'm driving home now
i'm stuck in my car for at least another 30 mins until i can drive home
she was pretty wasted
we were walking downtown and she just pulled down her panats in the middle of the sidewalk
this girl i know just peed in front of me and just half diusted me and half turned me on.
fuck
goddamit asher you just gnnna leave after wtiing one message
what ww skin
Fuck you mac.
Why am I second tier
i deleted the screen caps but if you scroll back far enough it'll be there
SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKERS I'VE BEEN READING ALL OF CHAT ALL ALONG
And that gift card which has to be at least 50 bucks
Look at you wanting books like a good little boy
lol
This is google's way to fuck with the apple book
He definitely tarnished his medical career
Can't, I have a meeting at 10 that I need to prep for
Mac what time do you go to bed now if you're saying that at 845
you can program it to do tasks through voice commands
it's just a voice assist thing
if you are thinking about it, you get 6 months of youtube red if you buy a google home
there's a lot of 3rd party apps that do the same
do you watch the youtube channels that have shows there
whats frit
i feel like every six months or so i feel the need to buy a new phone when my phone works perfectly fine so i end up compensating by buying something else
i think it does
storage, not memory
it just uses like an extra gig of memory, but you can force stop most of the programs
i'm also really tempted to get an iphone
it looks like a regular android phone now
it's not as bad after android 5
i'm probably also going to buy headphones
yeah but compared to my s4, it's still much better
they probably won't have a black friday deal for the pixel though
i thought they had an exclusive partnership with verizon
i thought it was only for verizon
they're increasing the price to improve their brand
i also don't like how the pixel is google's attempt to be apple
cause it uses at&t is technically owned by at&t
yeah but it's the same as at&t
besides the pixel, because it doesn't run at&t
because i'm seriously considering getting a galaxy s7on black friday
mac what would you say the best phone out right now is?
who made the last two posts
link?
is it supposed to be a collectable for hard core fans
why is it so expensive
the video is basically just basically the guy praising apple
lol dedicated to steve jobs
what the fuck, how is 200 too cheap for a book
I've been super busy
That picture looks like a banana peel
and groupme doesn't support publisher
shit, i needed to send that to myself and my email wasn't working
can you hear me?
let's do dota then, but i'm probably gonna suck
do you want to do ow or dotes?
i wanted there to be spaces between the panels
it's just hte background color
http://www.cs.unc.edu/Courses/comp426-f16/users/ronding/a2/
i just finished a 12 hour assignment
yeah i am
ya
can you hear me?
starting comp now
yeah sorry give me 10 mins
I'll play in an hour
and a man
nytimes is giving him 95%
i convinced enough people to be jaded and not to vote
i genuinely want to know why
keenan why are you being such a dick to me lately
honestly, if trump wins, it might not be safe to be outside tonight
I didn't think it would turn out like this
my asshole is clenched too tightly to do anything right now
http://www.cs.unc.edu/Courses/comp426-f16/kmp/SuperBattleship/NoPlayerSuperBattleship.html
mac you realize you do that more than anyone else
mac i have my first javascript, html, css test on tuesday
i'll probably play somethign later tonight
i just saw it
time literally changed last night
Just need to buy 20 dozen donuts first
I can play in like 20 minutes
asher from what we've established from this conversation so far, i would go as far to assume that if you ever had children, they would look like a younger you
almost like you're all related or something
your younger brother looks like a younger you
your mom looks like an older you
your brother looks like a younger you
your dad looks like an older you
butyou can also blow up a rein shield really fast
the fact that you can kill most heroes with 2 grenades is really strong
i think junkrat is extremely underrated
also her tp is basically's reapers but no channeling time
i don't know anyone who likes that ability
it's going to be like void's cooldown thing
hacking is going to be so fucking annoying
i feel like emp and hack are both support skils
is it that champagne you "bought" from saraha mart
asher are you going to play stuff tonight
also wasn't sombra supoposed to be that long skinny omnic
i feel like sombra shoudl have been a support
i dont' like how there's so many more offense heroes than supports now
like for techies
or like when she's a game, the game revolves around her
ugh, i feel like she fundamentally changes the game
thanks mac
asher do you have a link to her abilirties
We should play fallout together sometime.
I don't think we've ever played 4 together
Did you get your ps4 back
I just reset the modem with 3 roommates still on the Internet hehe
ricky got him
he's not responding
still good to play?
sorry didn't see that until now
i can maybe play stuff, but my internet is kind of bad
He's going to look up where you work, go on game world's website, find out that he can actually get a wii u there, buy it from gameworld and forget all about you
And where you go to school
@Mac mac did you read through this
But I did insult his god
We don't know if he's actually in Ohio thoufh
Also given the fact that he made a Facebook profile for a fake person  with only himself as the friend, idk if he can actually find you even if he has your name and phone number
Well, I did ask him his address so we ship it to him, but he didn't seem interested
Now I genuinely feel bad
Oh fuck

I think I have a problem where I can't help myself from baiting people
Alright I'm done
Ugh I should probably stop but I just want to see what else he has to say
What info did you give him besides your phone number
I think I'm gonna stop



Legit cannot make this up
I feel like I should probably stop

Shits getting intense

If he ever traces the number I'm using he'll find out he's talking to a Californian named Dick Weed.
That's what the DW stands for



I feel like I'm poking a hornets nest

So I put ricky in my message back to see if he reacts
So I looked up leah morgan from vienna and found a really suspicious profile with only one friend called ricky something



the guy responded
oh boy
so 29th to the 4th
keenan is it okay if i push my visit back a day both sides, it saves like 30 buvks
keenan did you seriously just buy tickets to mac's mother-son outing
why is demand so high
like i know it's a good musical but why has it gotten so expensive to see
can someone explain to me the appeal of hamilton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtywOoT4KMs
lin manuel miranda was in this video
is ethan going
how did you get tickets

hamilton is buried in the church where national treasure was shot
like actual hamilton or off broadway rip off hamilton
trying another one, hang on
it isn't sending though
stupid chat application isn't working

what should i send to him
i'll cash yours if you cash mine
you should send him a check
what if i make a twilio account and spam him with texts
i'm tempted to call that number
"no i'm not getting your text at all.
please send again"
thats not an option
speaking of which, are any of you going to play ow sometime this week
that's always my goal in fallout 4, i don't like how almost every quest ends up with killing raiders or synths
i basically haven't been able to play anything since fall break
no i haven't
can't just leave a bro hanging like that keenan
lol, you should tell him you deposited it already
i'm fantastic at art
but it's only for freshmen
i want to take the class on time
https://www.coursicle.com/unc/#attr=PH,WB
these are all my options
which one do you think will have more reading
it's called Jesus in Myth, Tradition, and History and focuses on the years 30-200 ad
and from looking through the pictures of the bible comic book
from the 10 pages of the first testament that i read
but i know jesus better
i need to get my world before 1700 and philosophy requirements out of the way in one class and there's not a lot of options that satisfy both
and i don't think i can handle greek philosohpy
it's either jesus or greek philosophy
i might be taking a class on jesus next year
It also serves the purpose of getting everyone's phone numbres so if you were at a convention or something, the people planning it could send alerts to everyone who signed in
company recruiting events was where i got the idea from.
recruitors keep track of who attends their recruiting events to see who "expressed the most interest"
there's ways to get around it but with traditional methods, people can always write other people in
only people there will know the event code
if you were planning an event and wanted to know who came to it and how many people, you can use it to check everyone in all at once rather than passing around a sign up sheet
it's for checking into events
has mac shown you our new site
but i think that might be illegal
if youjust block his number, he probably can't do anything
are you going to say anything to him?
i feel like his text message kind of gave it away
i was going to say you're in possession of stolen property but not anymore
at least to return the check
maybe you should contact the police
how do you know?
are you going to text anything bakc to him?
how did he mail it to you?
but now he knows where you live
lol, yeah that sounds like too much
do you know the guy's name?
that's the most fail proof way of verifying a check because they will chekc hte balance of the payee for you to make sure it won't bounce
you can go to the bank account where the check is from to verify if it's legit
theres about a 12 dollar fee if it bounces
they could also be fucking with you on a small scale because you have to pay a fee if a check you deposit bounces
since you voluntarily made the transfer
and you can't really do anything about it
that way, once the check bounces, you lose the money you got but the new account still has the money you trnasferred
what he could be doing is asking you to transfer your money to the other account before the check bounces
was he a nigerian prince?
they also lined up every bus in the city as a wall against snipers
I also drove past a google street view car
Barack Obama just made me late for class
🐦 
💩 
<:sadboy:230133848740986891>
That sounds really shitty
ALTER TABLE check_ins ADD timestamp TIMESTAMP NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP;
nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger
nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger
nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger
ha rahm bay
faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot faggot
nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger
butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt, butt
CUNT CUNT CUNT CUNT CUNT CUNT CUNT CUNT CUNT CUNT CUNT
just wanted to let you all know that mac only ate chips and cookies this entire weekend, didn't touch any of the catered food
can i get an upskirt?
We use Skype now so you can't join
Because we're actually in a Skype call
We don't need to message
Mac is ignoring both of us
MAC I'M GONNA SEE YOU TOMORROW
Keenan is this for the summer or for after college?
But they usually aren't double majors and have no minir
A lot of people here do that to get their masters in 4 years
You can take summer courses
Say it was proprietary
Yeah, I was in the financial district at night a lot.
There's literally no one there at night.
If someone stabbed me no one would know until morning
I had a friend who lived in Harlem this summer working as an intern.
He always went home by 8pm
You can definitely find a cheap place in Harlem or the bronx
Depends on where you live in new york
i bet you blew up megaton
Bastion is op when you have more than 1
they did demos here but i missed the sign up
have you tried one before mac?
or is it actually the screen too
is the vive just a phone hodler?
also how are these headsets better than the cardboard
what are you going to do with a vr headset
I personally like finger painting
Microsoft is brining 3d printers
Mac you can print it at hacknc
It'll probably go on sale on black friday
Wait for the 6p to drop in price
They keep passing me at red lights and forcing me to pass them
I want to run these bikers over so fucking badly

:(
That's early
Mac go to bed
🤐

that's fine, but seriously go pee
and then go pee
you should probably eat something
mac are yous till gonna play stuff
i can't go 3 hours without peeing
no seriously, how the fuck do you not pee for 12 hours
that's really disturbing
how do you not pee for 12 hours
Is anyone gonna play stuff tonight
Mac what if it's just pokemon go
did you bring it last time you came over or was it mac's?
did you get the wii u?
and would you guys actually carry it around like a gameboy
are you guys planning on getting the switch
serious question
if you took out that scene with the claws, that could easily not have been an xmen film
x-23?

i'm about to go to the institute for the first time
do people actually play online
that's probably a lot of effort for a little portion of the game
maybe make the fighting rings in fallout mutiplayer
oh true
it would be a huge drag on the network
you just have one person host it with their world, and the other person's character load in
why not?
the question is how to add consistency
i love miserably eso failed
i think fallout could do what borderlands does and make a co op mulrtiplayer
it's on steam but it doesn't use stam servers
how are their servers
what about the elder scrolls online
guys
most games that are co-op use a player's computer as the hsot
not positive though
i'm pretty sure borderlands uses a player's computer as the host
they were 30 bucks during prime day
kindle fires are honestly a joke
and make it an exclusive xbox game
remove the pc version of minecraft
you know what microsoft can do to fuck with everyone
mac is it really true that amazon sells kindles at a loss?
planetside 2 has a big following
and civ has shitty servers
the only real game with servers on steam that isn't valve made is civ
mac does hav ea point
does microsoft and sony host the game servers or do game developers host the game server?
keenan, paying for playstion online and xbox online are two different things, especially if you don't even have a ps4
was ps online always a paid service?
oh
i thought ps online wass free
xbox
is xox kinec still a thing?
the main reason i've heard about ps4 over xbox is that with the xbox you have to keep on paying after you buy it
they should make xbox live free
it will cut into steam's monopoly on pc gaming
like pc discs
guys seriously though, what if xboxes could run pc games
like if you own it on xbox, you can put the disc into a pc and play it there too
what i think microsoft could do is make games compatible between the xbox and pc
most developers don't want to create games exclusive for one device
the wii u was a financial distaster?
there's never going to be a truely exclusive xbox game because it will always go to windows
i think exclusive titles is nintendo's bread and butter
wtf andrew carmin got engaged
2017 or 2016?
now people are only going to get a wii since ninendo games won't be available for ps4 or xbox
i feel like most people have a wii and then a ps4 or xbox
i bet sony and microsoft are pissed
do you think fallout 4 will get a ns version?
why didn't ninetendo do this before with the wii
so new games will be made specifically for it?
ah okay
i'm just trying to figure out if a company has to specifically create a ninento version or if you can just download it to your ninento switch and run a pc version
i'm seriously just trying to understand this
what
because bethesda specifically built a version for ps4 that they put on the ps4 store
how does it run skyrim, does it have a windows os or is bethesda altering the game just for the device
so it's basically a tablet with a really good graphics card
what video
does it do other tablet stuff
how does it run games fro other platforms
is it just a portable computer?
that runs skyrim and overwatch?
what did nintendo announce
Also do you use the 3d
What are you playing on your 3ds
i kind of want to get back into dota but i'm scared
Damn keenan that's so sexy
H and m are actually 2 different brands
don't bananas mean that cheats were enabled
i can move it to dec 29th
actually jan 3rd
also, i"m thinking of dec 28th - jan 2nd.
does that work for you keenan?
you really nailed down asher's nipples, it's uncanny
https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Frandomdrop356%2Fvideos%2F1729715624018590%2F&show_text=0&width=560
<@!71716577669550080> i just got an offer at this office: https://officesnapshots.com/2015/01/22/ge-san-ramon-design-center/
lemme know when you all are reday to play some junkenstein
yeah sure
hang on, i just got an offer from ge, i need to let out steam first
what
medium, i'm going to switch to hard soon
well if you guys have time, we should play junkenstein's brawl, i've beaten it on every hero now
asher did you pour some out for me
fall comes later in the south
😦
also are you guys on fall break
guys i think i figured out the junkenstein brawl
mac i had just started talking to her in the last few classes, she pretended like she didn't see anything but she definitely did
She just stared at it for like 30 seconds until my computer started working again
The girl sitting next to me saw the member descriptions cause my computer froze on discord
Motherfucker
i like how of all the horrible shit we say, political stuff is what you have to remove from the record
did he say something that i missed
not like even pro choice, but pro abortion
i'm pro -abortion
lol, i just looked up in the chat and you guys had been talking about asher' spost before
i saw that
i feel dirty
i'm also voting democrat in the governor
presidential
i'm actually voting int he state election, not the presential
keenan, i'm probably more informed than most people, or at least i was until a week ago when i gave up and decided i that i'm not voting
i'm not even gonna vote
one of my favorite past times is tearing up extreme liberalism
i look forward to it
this is the same feeling that i get when some conservatives say global warming doesn't exist
okay, you can have your opinion, doesn't stop it from being factually wrong
honeslty republicans and democrats are trying to benefit the same 70-80 percent of the population, they just have differetn ideologies for how to do it
what i'm saying is to wholey and completely label all conservatives without exception as fascist and violet is wrong
and if i truly gave a shit about everyone democrats say i should, i wouldn't be able to go through a single day without shooting myself
if i pretended to give a shit about everyone democrats say i should, I wouldn't have time to do anything else  like maintain a sustainable job
i honestly don't give a shit about political prisoners or their defense
no, because they probably don't give a shit about political prisoners
i guess i forgot every single republican automatically has the same views as trump
i don't disagree with the bathroom bill
i love how open you are to opposing view points
that's the first political thing i've commented on all year, that's how dumb it was
yeah because it was so fucking dumb i couldn't ignore it
@XxxR3ap3rp0tg69xxX you can pick me up from the airport right?
lets play a dotes and then do overwatch
what you wanna do?
mac wanna play stuff in 10 minutes?
I'll play tonight mac
that only applies to sms texts
only drug mac would take
so tylenol
are you buying groceries for mac
are you guys going to play stuff at mac's place or are you doing something else
actually more like 40 min
i'm going to start playing stuff in like 20 minutes
of course it has to be some alien shit going into the sky
there was sooooooooo much potential but this shit
i don't even have words for how bad this is
easily one of the worst films i've ever seen
suicide squad is definitely the worst super hero film made in a while
k, i'm in overtime right now
you should cum play with me
😦
does anyone want to play video games right now
But that means I have to spend real monies
Dark souls isn't on sale
Isn't that game really hard and frustrating
Like graphical modeling
Are you interested in graphics at all?
You input your shape
Mac we can write a dildo printing program
Do you know any quick projects that ca.
Be done with those?
Btw, Microsoft is providing 3d printers for hack nc so maybe we want to take advantage of that
Okay I'll take a look once I get back on a computer
i probably will next semester, apparently i's really useful but extremely time consuming and difficult
after you have data strcutres and altorithms, you should take os
also a computer networking class is really useful
definitely recommend taking algorithms and data structures if you haven't already, those are core for a lot technical interviews
what have you already taken
So I learned today that girls with European accents bug the shit out of me
i was going to make a joke about how i wouldn't use youtube if it wasn't for ad block but then i realized she was genuinely pissed about ad block
i also talked to someone today who works on user experience at youtube and she hates ad block
i'm honestly considering just submitting campus cache as my final project
Also my next 2 assignments in my web dev class are mysql and php.
literally campus cache
i think they wanted it but i refused to give them the platform or code
mac there's a group in my entreprenurship class who wants to do something similar to campuscache so i showed them the website and they rreally liked it
http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/9/95666/1910448-yoshi_egg_yoshi_render.png
I feel like he has to make an apology
Do you think puppeys career will be ruined?
I ha e the exact same computer case as rtz
https://www.instagram.com/p/BKGxzwHBTxG/
Yeah but 50 bucks
Mac you should try to get the 50 dollar hacknc travel reimbursement
that game was my record for most damage and most building damage
k, i'll join call in a few minutes
i'll join the next game
I'm eating right now and I kind of want to watch a.
Bit of the debate
No that's just fixing keenan's lobotomy problem
Take out the hard drive and put it into the new ps4
Out
Like can you take put the hard drive
Can you salvage the parts
can your computer run most games
😦
can you extend the warranty and then get it fixed through the warranty
it happened to me on my computer charger and with an xbox 360
sometimes that gets loose
btw if it's not turning on, you might waant to check the wire that plugs into the power supply box
they probably programmed it to break right after your warranty ends
how does he have a million followers
his dad got kidnapped by terrorists
what's his last name
so basically he just spend a lot of daddy's money on clash of clans
isn't clash of clans pay to win
that thread is kind of dumb
outside of being secret's owner
who is jemal'
or if they went through the same stuff
i wonder what the csgo scret team is like
alliance shuffled like 10 people
"Oh shit I just realized, Secret bought like drones, hired a porn star, and a few models during TI. "
i feel like with the constantly changing teams, there's no team spirit or notion of winning as a group, it's all about individual players
wow that's a lot of money for one streamer
i haven't followed np at all
what do you mean he got his team a million dollar spnsor deal
who knew all along that envy was the hero in the story
yeah it really doesnt'
when you force 5 people to live and work together 24 7, people are gonna get pissed
i feel like all organizations should do that
or lviing spaces
instead of paying for a team house, they shoudl play salaries and have people rent their own house
He responded “well….
I like my Mom, my girlfriend… you.” It was a pretty gay moment but it was really memorable to me.
and keeping the players together 24 7
yeah that's what it should be, people living at their workplace is really unhealthy psychologically
i also think team houses are really unhealthy
what professional dota needs are agents
from both the organization's perspective and the players perspective
i don't understand how none of this was prewritten in a contract
in erspon
do you think they actually refer to each other by their in game names
the funniest thing is ee has puppey in his phone as puppey
holy shit that video
what did it say
http://npgame.gg/blog/himitsumonogatari.html
what does it say?
it seems to have been taken down
what happened?
mac the white male detective in luke cage is the schizophrenic man in psych who tried to get a sex change.
i can't take him seroiusly
https://embed.gyazo.com/d4a43581475bbb96b9191bdde3656f76.png
asher when you coming
mac join call
especially for coding interviews
also mac, this website is really cool and useful: https://www.hackerrank.com/
how is luke cage
but maaaaaaaaaaac
mac you shoudl join chatr at least so we can talk more about potential projects at hacknc
okay i'm gonna play overwatch
is he supposed to be a fucked up pineapple
wtf is majora
do they use nfc or something?
also i can check to see if hacknc has nfc tech available for use, i know they have raspberry pis
amiibos?
i've been doing a lot of research on that
therefore, customers don't have to wait in line to checkout and stores dont' have to hire as many cashiers and can track purchasing habits
mac my main idea for my class is adding nfc sensors to shopping carts so when you put stuff in your shopping cart, it can record it on a device built into the shopping cart that also allows you to directly checkout from the shopping cart
yeah keenan, i'll play
and you can connect multiple bluethooth switches to one raspberry pi
or turn them on everyday at a certain time even when you're not around
liek you can shut off all your lights at  a given time
i don't know a lot abourt ardiuino but with the raspberry pi you can program your lights
no that was one of my ideas for my entrepreneurship class
well fuck, there goes that idea
oh i see but that's only for outlet plugs
what does it do?
really?
on a raspberry pi
i was thinking of building a remote control attachment onto light switches using wifi and bluetooth
mac how good are you with hardware?
I might just stay at hacknc too.
They had some pretty fun activities there late at night since a lot of people traveled there and bring sleeping bags
It is but comp sci kids love it
Red Bull has campus reps and they just go around giving out red bull
People definitely pull all nighters
Probably
If it starts at 5 on friday, what time are you trying to get here by if you don't want to miss class
It has been held in the comp sci building the last 5 years
Also this year they moved it to the gym which is kind of weird
I didn't look at the schedule in depth
Oh
Workshops are mostly on friday.
The competition doesn't start until 11 am on saturday
Say we made it in 24 hours
What if we just submitted campuscache
Yeah we should
I am but I'm not sure what I want to do yet
Are you going to have to miss classes then?
Do you have classes that friday?
When will you know about the flight?
Except maybe not accept your app in the future but I doubt they will remember
You can always RSVP and not show up they can't do anything about that
mac did you get the hacknc invite
is he actually paying you
i just like knowing when i'm getting the achievements
yeah.
i don't like how mods disable achievements though
there's one mod that adds a thousand new items that aren't in the game or dlcs
i'm also going to get a bunch of mods for settlements
there's some cool places to build, the ui is just kind of porrly done for pc
i think after i beat the quests i'm going to focus on building
i'll probably pick up the dlcs at some point
that's my problem with fallout 4, it's all fighting and most choices end up in more or less the same results
it's more politics than the regular game
nuka world is supposed to be really good
in general, i haven't done much with settlements
i couldn't do one fo the castle quests because all of the minute men there had died and i couldn't assign anyone to the artillry
haha, i'm gonna do that too then
yeah i just gave that guy nukacola yesterday
that's probably why my villagers keep dying, i thought they were just offering me free stuff
fuck
oh
so they don't suck anymore
i also just realized you can equip companions with stuff
we shoudl play together sometime
and used 6 molotovs to clear out the gunners inside since they were all grouped
i did the drugs once i got inside
i ended up taking calmex and sneak sniping them all from a distance and using banked crits
the robots kept killing me and i only had sniper ammo
it's was hard for me too at the entrance to the vault
i was doing cait's rehab mission
what do you mean
there was  brief outage that shut down myc omputer but nothing longer than a few seconds
and electricty flickers
no it's just a lot of wind and rain
Hurricane might make me lose power though
I can play tonight
I got my invitation
@Mac did you hear from hacknc
i could literally die because of it
mac my county is in a state of emergency because of the hurricane
I know cause of my holocaust class
Nah antisemitism is a myth and doesn't actually exist
i feel like everything we said since i joiined should be deleted
it says it will
how is this game gonna be multiplayer
Also she wasn't even supposed to make a speech, greg was
it was really awkward because it wasn't suppoosed to be an emotional moment either
end of senior year
last time i saw her she broke down in front of a huge audience
is she doing okay
i just can't imagine being really close to a classmate's mom when i don't talk to the classmate
why is greg lopes friends with all of your family
who's wendell
even though i've been to his house what feels like many times
keenan i think i've only ever met your granddad once
oh
your dad
why did he change his last name
lol i have one mutual friend with your dad
idk asher, keenan posted some pics earlier to prove otherwise
heeeey
Also I think I pulled my groin
I wouldn't friend my parents if they got a facevook
Don't delete that.
It will make mac really uncomfortable
Her mom died
You can't make fun of her
Keenan
Aren't they in some club together
Macs mom?
But mac probably doesn't talk to paulitas parents at all
Paulitas parents made a birthday video for macs mom where they sing a duet
Like macs mom and Paulita are really close but I don't even think mac would acknowledge here if that met in passjng
How macs mom is friends with a lot of people our age but mac isn't even friends with them
I get the weirdest insights on Macs life from following macs mom on facebook
I did omg
He probably will
Eh I think it would be easier to sneak it to him than to get his conssnt
I could technically force him but that would be really mean
I don't think I can even convince him to go
He will be so bothered
So mac is probably coming to unc from the 28th to the 30th.
I'm really tempted to take him to a house party that friday
Yeah
It wasn't even real alcohol
Do you remember that look he gave us when we started drinking hard cider
Mac won't try it
Bake it into his bread
I feel like it would be easier to convince me to do avid than mac
Why do I have to watch
:(
do you really raise affinity with cait by just being naked
thanks mac
Mac I also just did a coding interview.
I tried talking and coding at the same time and it sucked.
I can only do one or the other
also i'm probably going to play overwatch tonight.
i hvaen't played in over a week
keenan you werent' even invited
shee also doesn't seem to know tech at all so idk if it's the best thing to do
what dota 2 soundtrack
do you want to talk about it tongiht?
i actually don't know if i'm going to go further, it seems like a complicated job with a key feature being online purchases and stuff
also mac do you have any experience with payment apis?
yeah
no my dad is going to buy it since he has frequent flier miles, i'm going home for a bit today so i will talk to him again
<@!71716577669550080> mac also, idk if you have any current projects but would you be interested in a collab project at $30 per hour?
I'm in the discussion stage right now but i don't know if i have the time to fully produce in her desired time frame without help
http://carolinachallenge.web.unc.edu/
<@!71716577669550080> look what image this website is using
since when did they start putting tracking devices in cats
what does it mean to be micro chipped
no
which are completely useless but makes the phone feel really cool
yeah but the samsung phones have the edges
<@!71716577669550080> how does it feel to have an obsolete phone
was going to get mac's phone but now the nexus line is dead
i'll probably just get the next samsung phone
ugh also it's only available for verizon right now
nobody even has one yet to steal
my parents give me shit for buying it all the time
but i just treated myself with a new computer
except it's not new
i want a new phone but there's literally nothing wrong with my current phone
i'm still on the galaxy s4
what do you have now
idk, last time you were here you still had it
keenan are you still using your iphone 4?
if i land a good job for next summer, i'm getting this phone
Mac I want it so bad
Mac what do you think of the Google pixel
Lol asher.
Did you even fill out a w4
I legit don't understand half the stuff that's said in this chat.
Even when I read the chat history

oh, i was gonna say that if you were, dimitri martin is also in durham doing a show a day before the convention
keenan are you going to the durham comic con
Actually nvmd?
They will have raspberry pis to tinker with at hacknc
I also really want to get a raspberry pi
Yeah, I somewhat found stuff online but they're more expensive than I'm looking for
<@!71716577669550080>  do you know of a good place to buy electronic hardware?
Like if i wanted a bluethooth switch that i want to connect to a raspberry pi
Probably yours
because i can never keep it open when i'm in class
because i can never keep it open when i'm in class
this is why i always miss stuff in chat
😦
d
d
d
d
d
dd
d
d
d
d
d
d
d
d
d
d
d
d
d
dd
d
d
d
that i've stuck with google + all through these years
it is a tool i use to show them that i'm dedicated
NOOO I USE THAT GOOGLE + ACCOUNT FOR ALL MY EMPLOYERS
😦
uuuugh
<@!71716577669550080>  it's okay to come back and look now
yes that's much better
doesn't allow dicks
discord has it's nsfw checker
probably means you shouldn't upload it
goddamit keenan
gotta protect mac
there we go
why
reported for nsfw content

http://macvogelsang.github.io/
😵
back in my day roosters didn't have boobs
yo does anyone want to play something tonight
<@!71716577669550080>  did you hear anything about hacknc yet?
the application closed
Lol asher if you only knew us in 2010
mac i'm applying to github
<@!125452744440938497>
<@!71716577669550080>
<@!155893986605793281>
I don't know if it will affect him too much though since you usually get a bunch of Stat items anyway
:(
okay i'll try to get hancock or cait but i want to meet the railroad first
i reached the highest affinity with piper but she's genuinely useless in figths
haven't met any of those besides hancock
i also might just use the bos guy because i want to get his questline out of the way
why?
is macready any good
ah okay
i finished the silver shroud one and saved the guy who paints pictures
i don't think hancock offered to be my companion
keenan, i'm bored of piper which companion should i use next
wow what a dick move on his part
dude why did you give your boss your number
mac did you uglify your code
according to your website, there are no wii us at gameworld
whats the url again
LET ME FIND THE ANSWER WITH MAC'S WEBSITE
WAIT HANG ON
does 150 come with controllers?
because my brother wants one so my parents are forcing me to procure it
since wii's are obsolete
or i guess a used wii u
how much is a used wii
lol
in the banana stand
where
and then add drivers and programs
do you think there could be a market to order and build pcs for people.
like what i did over the summer but have someone else pick out their parts but i order them and assemble it
roger?
that's actually a legit answer
you guys will see me in exactly 2 months
guys serious question: what is the most annoying thing you face on a day to day basis.
I need to ask people that in order to come up with ideas for my entrepeuneurship class
why is it that when carbonated water loses its carbonation, it still doesn't taste liek real water
yeah like that one time we discussed whether driving and sitting in a car are the same thing, especially when you only ride backseat
i look at pinned stuff
you guys just pin the good stuff
i don't understand 75 % of the stuff you guys say in chat anyways
oh 😦
http://www.polygon.com/2016/9/22/13023234/overwatch-porn-parody-brazzers-oversnatch-xxx
yes those are x manz
omg no, i don't think i can handle that movie again
i remember the anal rape scene with the curtain rod
line
haha i forgot about that
idk about you, but the seduction of dr.
fugazzi was pretty scary
is that the one where the woman cuts off her clit
nobody watches documentaries
i really want to watch american horror story but i havent' found anyone else who wants to watch it with me yet
i don't think asher is afraid of lost
asher which one?
lol
which one?
like i would never willingly go watch one alone
i only watch horror films with other people
UUUGHHHGHGHG i can finally play overwatch again
it's definitely not meant for children
ish
no but i meant to
i stopped liking breaking bad when it became a drug show and not about a guy dealing with cancer
i don't like drug shows
this jungle jims palce is making me hard
why?
is it not?
it's on amazon prime now
asher i actually ate 2 ghost peppers that day, because noah ate a second one
tbh, mr robot has gotten a little dull
probably
hence the quotes
i think so
cause noah siffen did it, and i had to one up him
"Luke Cage is a show about a black man who has a super power that makes him immune to bullets.
That's not a superpower.
That's just evolution"
mac was there
no, but i rinsed my tongue at a water fountain for 30 minutes and cried
we'll make sure to provide guests with bread as well
mac we're going to throw a rager at keenan's place
asher, i ate ghost peppers in physics class, i don't think it gets worse than that
cool and drink it on the drive home
i feel like everyting there is probably expensive
i legit want to go there now too
we should go there
but my parents are forcing me to do the china trip instead of ireland or uae
btw, i'm almost positive i'm goign to be coming by plane
it's in ohio
why
actually nvmd
did you know trader joes is owned by aldi
champaign is much better tasting than vodka
mimosas are mcuh better
i don't like screw drivers
mac that's my favorite type of lemonade

lol, i feel like sahara mart is a front for drugs
lol
i've recently started eating a lot of candy
uuugh now i canplay overwatch on my desktop again
yes i did mac
and i only had 1 beer
the only time i've drank since july 4th was yesterday
i stopped drinking
and time too
i like cigars because you don't inahle
so they just got rid of the drug test
and they couldn't find enough who didn't
mac you know most tech comapnies don't do drug tests an7ymore because all programmers smoke weed
i added this peppercorn mayonnaise to my sandwich and it improved even mo0re
i always gag
tbh i'm really not a fan o fsmoking
does making edibles stench up the entire place
ive tried smoking twice and it just doesn't workf or me
i havent' been able to get high before
like completely serious
we should get stoned together when i visit bloomington
also i added cheese to my sandwiches and i have to say it improves teh taste by at least 100 percent
so it turns out my housemates knew about the second connection, they were just too dumb to understand its implications
Now I can actually call and play games with my desktop again
I feel like it's more reminiscent of my mood right now
i had problems with my internet connection reaching my room but i just realized our router has two bandwidths but they're under differetn names and one of them is really strong in my room
MOTHER FUCKING SHIT
GOD FUCKING SHIT
thanks
hi
Okay cool, I bought another brand last time and it was sweet and disgusti n g
Mac is la Croix sweet
I don't understand this conversation
Ronald_Ding_29@kindle.com
Ronald_Ding@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
oh i see
who was that
what are we gonna play
shit you're right, they're all in belarus


like wtf
and neither america or united states is an option
wtf i'm applying to ibm and it's asking me what country i'm applying to
but what if we played dota 2
this might be too much of a throw back
guys
me too, i'm sending in my application for google
does anyone want to play anything
In other words, fuck you
Okay that makes much more sense.
I thoguht it was house concert too but then you threw me off
so you're going to a live wrestling event
why
i can't tell if you're fucking with me or not
what do you mean houses.
are you buying real estate
i'm pretty sure i can only fit into these pants if i take a shit first
what show
i can play at like 11 or 12 tonight if you guys are still up
i need to get ready for a reception i have at 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T13Alo9op0
I just keep thinking of mark Watney as matt damon

Just going to get together and binge listen?
What are you guys doing with this playlist
i don't understand what is happening to this chat
<:sadboy:230133848740986891>
my chin isn't that big
always go with blue or gold with a black dress shirt if i want to go for the high class feel
i would also never wear a red tie, it's a sign of inferiority
i would never use a mac keyboard
i don't really get it
what
He looks just like him except with darker hair.
And he had a serious face almost the entire time
Mac I just interviewed with the corporate guy from mr.
Robot
every class i've taken has been in ballentine
are all classes in ballentine
where in ballentine are you
Like skyrim
We all knew you were playing dota between 2011 and 2015
Also I like how dota is on there
I thought you guys were just listening to music
What are you guys doing I feel like I'm missed something
https://cholical.github.io/think/#/home
http://www.kipmay.com/
<:happyboy:230130509630406656>
are you still gonna play stuff with us tonight
not if one of us dies first
there's some parts where it uses really simple language to explain to the readers.
also i expcted the overall vocabulary to be much more difficult since you said it's much more technical than the movie
jesus christ that's like longer than i've been alive
Also i don't like how it keeps simplifying things down
Keenan
so much more than in the movie
mark watney is really sarcastic
Also the drm removal tool I used is a trial version.
Full version is only like 15 bucks so I might buy it or try to figure out how it keeps track of my computer and maybe do a workaround so I can use beyond the 30 days
I'm not positive it works but since I can remove the drm and copy and paste the files it should
But yeah, you basically need Adobe digital editions, a software called calibre, and a third party sketchy drm removal tool which I can send you the link of
I usually just close discord
i don't like reading on a regular sreen though
and it's not a shitty pdf version either, since i removed the drm, i can convert them into kindle book format so it reads just like a kindle version
i used to do this with music cds too
i'm literally "permanently borrowing" ebooks
this is so dirty
yeah i just did it with our local library
i'm actually trying to see if i can use the same process on ebooks i download from a library website
i had google credit that could only be used on books that expires in two days
it took some software to convert it from the google book drm version to a kindle readable one
mac i bought the martian
<:sadboy:230133848740986891>
FAILS TO GET MY META JOKE
THEY ARE TWO DIFFERENT THINGS DUMBASS.
ESPECIALLY IF YOU ONLY RIDE BACKSEAT
MAC ARE YOU WITH YOUR STUDY GROUPIES AGAIN?
MAC LET US SUCK YOUR DICK
hooking up is fishing together right?
keenan did you hook up with her
i guess it's more the type of pictures she takes
she kind of looks like emo kessler
ohwait it hink i remember you guys mentining her to me before
who is lina
i should be writing cover letters but i'mtoo tired
do any of you want to play video games later today
make sure to lift with your thighs not your back
asher you're going to come out of this job swole as fuck
<:slut:230132043986501642>
i'm genuinely sad.
now i'm forced to pirate it like a goddamn animal
they're taking psych off netflix next month 😦
i could listen to psych, but i already know most of the lines
Drive
I don't mind flying, I actually just want to do a long distance dfice
No then I would feel bad
Or I can do what I actually do when I drive which is listening to one song on repeat
I can tape a wii remote to my steering wheel and play mario cart
Or if I get some good movies
True
I prefer to drive though
Yeah that's better than last time
If I drice I can bring my desktop
Okay so you're good for me coming over and staying at your place?
True.
I know my dad has a lot maybe I can get some from him
Because there's a good chance I'll be getting a lot of frequent flier miles in the next two months
Actually I might fly
I'll try to drive one of their cars
Okay, I'll figure out if I can drive or fly.
My parents won't be happy with me driving cause my car has a good chance of breaking down
I thought he didn't want to come last year
In all seriousness do we want to do something for new years
I'll bring cheetos
Can I come
That's a lot of pages
Hoe do you message us and take the test at the same rime
But every time I go I get bored in 5 minutes and end up leaving anyway
I'm really scared I'm going to fail my Web Dev class because I haven't gone to class in weeks
What if you underestimate it
you just need a domain name which makes a website only like 10 bucks per year instead of 60 bucks
mac if your website doesn't require a backend, you can directly host from github
https://help.github.com/articles/using-a-custom-domain-with-github-pages/
there's also one to finland, estonia, and russia
which doesn't really interest me
my main problem with the ireland and germany one is that it focuses on businesses around the world cup and soccor
behind murica?
i can go meet the prawns
i can also go to south africa
so i would be going to dublin instead of copenhagen
actually it's ireland and germany, not denmark
do i have to get the shit beat out of me by my brother?
how do i meet her
they could just think my english is really good
but i am special
cause i can speak chinese fluently but i have the vocabulary of an elementary school student
that if i go to china people are going to treat me like a native and think i'm a dumbass for not being able to talk properly
that's actually a legit fear that i have
am i supposed to acknowledge it or just pretend like i didn't see anything
what is the protocol for when i run into a nazi
why?
actually, it's germany and denmark, like one week in cologne and one week in copenhagen
shanghai and beijing
i want to go to united arab emirates but my parents said they won't help me financially because they think it's too dangerous to go to the middle east
not really
should i go to united arab emirates, china, or germany
i'm going to a 1-2 week study abroad program that counts for 3 credits
i just just realized i can get like 7.5 business elective credits by not actually taking classes
holy shit
so there's no point in having a heirarchy
they can all be taken concurrently as long as you finish busi 101
BUSI 401    Management and Corporate Communication (3.0 credits)
BUSI 406    Principles of Marketing (3.0 credits)
BUSI 407    Financial Accounting and Analysis (3.0 credits)
BUSI 408    Corporate Finance (3.0 credits)
BUSI 410    Business Analytical Applications (3.0 credits)
BUSI 411    Strategic Management (1.5 credits)
BUSI 403    Operations Management (3.0 credits)
BUSI 404    Legal & Ethical Environment of Business (1.5 credits)
BUSI 405    Leading and Managing (3.0 credits)
BUSI 412    Corporate Strategy (1.5 credits)
like this is the core curriculum for bs majors
😦
for the business school, each 400 level class is the core starting sclass in an area of emphasis so like 403 is operations, 406 is marketing, 407 is accounting, 408 is corporate finance.
and then the 500 level classes are higher electives within each area of emphasis
about slavery and the holocaust
we just come in and do small group discussions
we haven't had a real assignment yet
for us, anything above 599 is grad school classes
it doesn't completely trnaslate to 100 level classes though because then we only have 100 - 200 level classes
the non majors who are dumb
or for non majors
but those are for the dumb kids
we actually have 100 level classes in the departments too
the 129 is by far much easier than any other class
and 129 😦
mac i'm in 408, 428, 500, and 554
i think numbers matter in the english and history
500 classes require you to have already taken several 400 classes so i guess there's a little bit of distinction there
all core comp sci classes start at400 teoeo
all core busi classes start at 400
ours doesn't really matter
do class numbers actually indicate difficulty at iu?
lol
but i've skipped the last 4 so i feel obligiated to make an appearance
my web dev class is on jquery now
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/09/27/clemson-university-bans-references-to-harambe-for-promoting-racism-rape-culture.html
I can't see custom emoji on mobile :(
this is possibly my favorite video of all time now
https://www.facebook.com/821533991307925/videos/987779734683349/
his face is weirdly round in that
da fuq is that
👌
<:asher:230129028223336448> 
<:keenan:230127774562516992>
so basically i'm the only one that's actually my face
<:ronald:230126993008623616> sucks <:keenan:230127774562516992>
<:nutshack:230126765853376513>
<:asher:230128461442842625>
:jesus_ok___telegram_sticker_by_j:
<:ronald:230126993008623616>
keenan you need to do one but upside down so you can do a face sucking a dick
<:ronald:230126993008623616>
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=962283533802941&set=t.100000097300003&type=3&theater
i even had the picture selected
i was literally going to do the same thing to you
lol mac
OMG SO MUCH POTENTIAL
<:ronald:230125669806243840>
my goal is to maintain an erection the entire duration of the debate
probably
wut
i like ot keep a clean console on production
i put a lot of console logs in that i end up all deleting before i turn in work
do you remove those?
//=======The code within these comments doesn't actually exist===

    //No it sure doesn't Mac.
Where did it go?
My beloved app.js is clutterfree.

    //penis
is that an angry tissue box?
what is that
it's too modern for most sites
they're like the most modern thing
wut
also i don't expect people to actually use it like a resume
but oh well, it's not that hard to change it from a popup to a route
honestly routes is probably better
because i like popups better
idk, it could be useful
that they can link to directly
it's supposed to be a resume page for each person
that was a feature specifically requested
i need to implement the modal urls again
i'm stealing code from campuscache right now
which ones
is dota even happening right now
I'm probably going to have to use an embed calendar too
That's why I didn't want to work with the existing eevsite
Lol
okay, i definitelyw ant to know.
i can't do it now, i have to go and buy 200 hershy kisses
i've left it open for hours bvefore and it hit 10,000
mac did you see the console errors?
a lot of thinking
keenan i don't know what you mean
also mac, pull up the console for the site that isn't mine
keenan which site?
or it could be ruby on rails but either way, it's more just a bunch of pre made elements thrown together with a licensed style than an actual developed site
because the current uses some kind of cms
and i told them i would only develop the site if i started from scratch
it's only like 30 percent done but the person who made it left
the current site isn't mine
the current site is missing a lot of content
keenan i still don't really understnad what you mean
lol
not even regtular meetings or exec board meetins
i actually don't go to any of these events
this is the current site btw: http://carolinathink.com/
there's black as well
i'm thinking about adding a blue background to the think team as well
good call mac
what do you mean snapping back?
what do you mean mac
is it just buggy on the initial load or constantly buggy?
are you on mobile?
https://cholical.github.io/think/#/people
mac do you like my website
heterosexuality == depression
and less interested in penis
you're also making him less flamboyant
which
people are just going to forget what colors are wich
gj that's how racism is going to end
cuz chidlren go on the website
is this for the website?
lol is that a dick on yhis head
😦
adn that's becaue the north color gaurd came and then i forogot about till 10th grade
i literally didn't know color guard was a thing i until like 8th grade
apparently college is optional
😮
there are people who don't even go to school every day :0
keenan
Does that mean she's dropping out or is it a part time thing for now
Is that what she wants to do
If they only do competitions and have no following
How do they make money
And where
What do they perform for?
For professional matching bands/football teams?
ah i see, i completely missed that part
is that roller coaster tycoon?
if it's hacked, i think they have bigger problems than protecting the catalog website
Like that one time I told mac that driving and  sitting in a car are two different things.
Especially if mac only rides backseat
1.6.5
angular 1 yo
https://cholical.github.io/think/#/home
i'm using dreamhost for a website i'm making now
what hosting service did game world end up using?
/r/the_donald is my favorite subreddit
Mac driving and sitting in a car are two different things.
Especially if you only ride backseat
yes i too am dense
Mac driving and sitting in a car are two different things.
Especially if you only ride backseat
omg what have you guys done
Mac driving and sitting in a car are two different things.
Especially if you only ride backseat
so i'm technically one of the two factors ont he sidewalk
i also walk on sidewalks mac
asher you dont' drive that much either.
keenan is really the only person who can speak on both sides
well, if you're going to claim that then there's no point in discussing this any further
mac your rhetoric is flawed
if you say i can't make the counter assumption
how can you make that assumptionw hen you don't drive alongside bikes that much
so you're saying i can't say anythign about biking on the road because I don't bike on the road that often but you can speak with authority about driving along side bikes even though you don't drive that much
yeah but mac has driven like 2 in his entire life
then you can't say that about me not biking
mac you can't make say that i don't udnerstand because i've never ridden a bike, you've driven cars as much as i have ridden bikes
also generally people trying to drive think your an asshole if you go on the road
especially if the road is curvy
it's still easier and safer for a bike to pass or ask pedestrians to make space than for a car to pass a bike on a one lane road
people on bikes can pass people on sidewalks by going on the grass
if you run someone over with a bike, the most that will happen is a few stitches, if you get hit by a car, then you can die
idk abourt you guys, but people here bike on the sidewalks on the quad dand stuff
i feel like in smaller cities, there more cars on the road then people on side walks
but cards drive on the road
What's the reasoning for them to not use the side walk now
I think that bikers should be able to bike on the road if the speed limit is 25 or lower.
If it's greater than 25, then they should use the sidewalk
Especially if the biker is in the middle of the lane, not close to the curb
Yeah my problem is when there's only one lane and it's not legal or safe to pass
I don't mind bike lanes but I do mind bikers going way below the speed limit especially on 2 lane roads whwre it's dangerous to pass them
What do you think then keenan?
Because its not legal to run the red light directly
It's not.
Jaywalking pedestrians are asshole too
And then I have to pass them again
So while I'm sitting at the red light, they technically ran the red light
Mac if there's a bike at a red light, a lot of people pull over to the sidewalk and become a "pedestrian" and cross if there's no cars
You can cross aa long as there's no cara.
Not everyone waits until it's red to cross
The light turns green for me and I catch up with them
Then I have to pass the biker again once
If there are no other cars around
That leads to me having to pass the same biker 2 or 3 times
Not to mentiom a lot of bikers don't follow traffic regulations and get on and off the sidewalks to bypass red lights
90 percent of the time bikers who use an actual lane interferes with traffic
Also roads are meant for cars
They don't accelerate as fast
Because bikers are annoying
He said he personally doesn't get espoets and doesn't see a good way to compete with twitch
Apparently he went to several lol tournaments to learn more.
Maybe dota too
I just attended a thing where the keynote speaker was the espn president and he spoke about espoets and what the current plan for espn to approach espoets is
can't today
The emotes look so different on mobile

🌶
💦 
💦 
🌰 
📔 
📔 
📔 
📔 
🍘 🍘
🌰 
📔 
📔 
📔 
📔 
🍘 🍘
🌰 
📔 
📔 
📔 
📔 
🍘 🍘
😋
But that's overkill
I think ideally you would want a machine learning algorithm to determine popularity
It's not a huge issue
Ah
Why?
List
Like I would understand if fallout new vegas was lower on the lust
Mac that doesn't explain the term thing.
Fallout 3 is much closer to fallout than anything else
Fallout 3 is one term of difference whereas the dlc is mutple
But fallout 3 is a closer match to fallout
Why does fallout 3 broken steel and point lookout show up before just fallout 3
Yeah but you wouldn't want the dlc to show up first
when i search fallout the first game that pops up is fallout broken steel wtf mac

where is the responsive design in this website
is the minecraft server still up?
that's pretty tight
i just saw the pinned post: i miss the old ronald.
the never joins call ronald.
the just went offline ronald
probably because we're annoying ronald
i'm pink mac, mac is purple mac and keenan is green mac
it's actually less confusing that we're all mac
they just mentioned a restaurant that bank of america took us to a couple times
i'm kind of disappointed
at the end of the pilot when he goes into the room of people in suits, i thought the chairman was going to be mr.
robot as a plot twist
isn't it about deleting debt?
because the whole detached narrative thing and the catching criminals and keeping trophies of them is a lot like dexter
oh
mr.
robot is just like dexter except instead of murdering people, he black mails people or gets them arrested
mexican jesus has 7
christian jesus has 1
but yeah invite plz
ya cunts
go bully and exclude someone else
fucking bitch ass bullies
not anymore
😦
are you guys playing again
i remember the first time i did this it took me a few days
mac i just set up my entire wamp, node, and eclipse dev environments in like 10 minutes
for what
wut boi
what is he known for again?
he's mr.
robot
also amazon prime video shows actor profiles in the scene, i kind of like that
This show seems intense
Mac I started watching Mr robot
religion is the scariest shit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-NOZU2iPA8
Mac get better at programming
Can't even ask mac for css advice
I removed discord as a srart up program now because of you guys
😦
Mac don't forget to use protection with your study groupies
time to check if mac's volume is on
mac is going to unload his programs all over their private disks
mac is going to fuck at 3.3 gigahertz and overclock at 4.2
mac is going to put his std out in their stdin
goddamit you guys changed my name again
he'll be compiling his python in their C
but since the packets aren't actually los and just slow, the server will send back two delayed responses
if they server doesn't send a response to incoming packets fast enough, the client will assume it's lost and will resend the packes
i think they're having server problems
sort of like what i did over the summer but more scalable and customizable
sort of like what i did over the summer but more scalable and customizable
i'm thinking of writing a program for my entrepreneurship class that replaces how current inventory tracking works at small to medium businesses
i'm thinking of writing a program for my entrepreneurship class that replaces how current inventory tracking works at small to medium businesses
i hate it when i leave chat for a few hours and everything changes
why am i bbc guzzler and why is discord repeating everything
wtf  is going on
wtf  is going on
Phone
You
You
You
Luke how do 697 keep track of inventory
Luke how do 697 keep track of inventory
Keenan how do you guys keep track of sales at game world?
mac if we both apply to the same companies and request for the same locations, we could work together
at least not right away and i'm definitely not doing a phd
also i decided not to go to grad school after college
otherwise i'm doing consulting
i'm probably only going to do tech if i can get into facebook, google, microsoft or some other top tech company
where are you thinking?
mac what if we interned together
are you going to do internships though?
or are you still doing research at iu
because if you are, you probably need to make one soon because the recruitng season is going to be over soon
are you going to do an internship next summer?
i feel liek the whole admissions thing is just so they can prevent random poeple showign up to get free food
you should
but probably within the week
it should be soon, possibly tomorrow even
most people drive to the thing
does that mean you might not be able to fly?
i don't really know what flying stand by means
we should be finding out pretty soon, it says decisions are sent in mid september
also are you still coming to hacknc?
should be fun
i just joined a data and analystics club that competes in cs case competitions
i just don't really have anything worth hosting right now
what do you mena?
unless you could set a usage cap
yeah but i don't like how aws is priced based on usage
like the godaddy one that lets you host 100 domains
i would chip in for a larger one
let me know if you're ever going to get another hosting plan
i'll share the link with you onc ei actually put some stuff on it
btw, i got some server space for my web programming class like you had last year
i still need to figure out how i can code on both
do you usually code on your desktop?
why not get more, it's not that expensive
how much memory do you have?
i'm pretty sure the tf2 outpost search is all client side and it is extremely laggy
what if someone's computer is slow
that's not necessarily a good thing though
i feel like that's also overkill
like do a more basic search but set up an algorithm that stores what keywords people search and what results they actually click on to raise the relevance score
did you consider doing some kind of machine learning search?
oh i forgot you excluded terms
what do you mean by remove?
like just don't consider it?
i've used databases for corporate profiles that are just string matches
also i feel like this is too advanced for a video game website
what happens if they enter more than 6 terms then?
how are terms determined?
by spaces?
is there a relevance score you deem to be too low then?
and this is all client side javascript?
idk
what does your search do?
break down words and search it then?
duck dynasty is some trailer trash show
thanks got it now

i thought it just removed overflow and allowed scrolling inside elements
why does overflow hidden fix it
lol okay that just fixed it
okay i will, i think i'm done for the day
ugh now the outer container is screwed
i think i got it now, thanks
hmm okay, i'm fine with setting widths manually
why did i need overflow hidden
uugh i hate native css
it's still putting the description box on the next line
i did, but the description box is still on the next line
if this was bootstrap i would use a col-8 and a col-4
like i want it to look like that
i
i thought divs automatically forces the element to go to the next line
what should i use instead?
just p?
i'm used to using divs with bootstrap

without using bootstrap
mac how do i get the description box to go the same vertical level as the picture

mac the guy who plays the lead in mr.
robot just won an emmy
that gif is too good not to use though
it's a gif
i found this beauty for my web page
http://66.media.tumblr.com/f1302272b9079b5c25d9790395bf17d2/tumblr_mp6bzjzfyq1re0c97o1_500.gif
they're features
💩
cyka bylat get better at searchin peruvian trash
missing mid
✈ 🏬
😮
"Shame spell check doesn't come with your brain"
"My developer's search algorithm can't make up for your stupidity"
"Get better at searching"
KEENAN
i heard it's like eating beaf jerky
i wouldn't do it for less than 1000 and even then i woudl have to think baout it
i wouldn't
so basically you'll suck a dick for 200 dollars.
good to know...
🌰
wow keenan, i'm offended that you chose to ask asher over me about the bible
they're features, not bugs
also css sucks
and the red makes it more visible
before the ring around it made it hard to see heads
it's much easier to aim with that tiny red dot, espeically headshots

mac you literally don't play any hero that aims
i just switched my crosshair fromt he default to a red dot and it's a lot easier to aim now
because when i started playign i only played mccree
so close to leveling up

🇩 🇮 🇨 🇰
🥖 🥕
🌶
🥒 🍆
if you change your mind later, you can always get them reattached
might be a bit of an ouchie though
you should castrate yourself, no more lust ever again
https://m.imgur.com/WHemKeh?r
I'll play at around 930 ish
┬─┬﻿ ノ( ゜-゜ノ)
hearthstone just doesn't sound appealing, if it included some words like clash, call, arena, or fire in the title, i would be much more intrigued
wouldn't overwatch be so much better if yu could just buy mmr
i think all games should incorporate the freemium model
those are the best gfames
Since middle school, I used to message philip every year "I could be at lotus right now"
is lotus tonight?
mac it's not being asnwered because nobody uses angular 2
mac give me the link
are you and clara in a data structures class?
link plz
oh do you mean your question ons tack overflow?
mac what was your question
linked lists are where each node in the list contains a reference to the next node
i thought the prequel to overwatch was tf2
i vaguely remember hearing that word somewhere
what is dota
mac you should actually play somethign today
k, i'm at home this weekend just working on job applications so let me know if anyone wnats to play something
hanzo is the new cancer
the other one is a fucking jackass cunt
one of us is telling the truth
no
i can't use javascript at all
i think i need your help with animations
hmm okay weird
idk if it's them same for angular 2 but for angular 1 you can use the $q service
i  was trying to get animatiosn to work with css and  then i gave up for a bit
what were you trying to do?
it looks retarded
mac that's a sign of giving up
I'm gonna play stuff in like half an hour just need to eat ice cream and set up my computer first
There's a button that let's me switch inputs so I can switch between hdmi and vga that way I don't have to keep unplugging and plugging the hdmi which is hard to put in
I sometimes con ection my laptop to my monitor with vga
Also I realized by using hdmi, I can completely disconnect my vga and sound jack cords
Everything is strapped down with seat belts
Mac is it bad to move my desktop around a lot?
the chargers and usb cables would be useful if i didn't already have them from the ones i got last year
i spent a good 20 minutes talking to one company literally because i wanted their shit
there was a really nice microsoft bag that i wanted to get but the line was too long and i should have grabbed more androids
mac look how much shit i hauled in from our cs career fair

What's the essay about
Mac you're missing the joke
Yeah but bulba went to a shitty school
Nope never even heard of discord
i put babies back into women
That way it's not too big and you can cram the balls in too
I'm waiting and erect
Also I'm not allowed to use bootstrap for this assignment so I have to make everything from scratch like a goddamn animal
I want the recipe to be something really dumb or disgusting but make the site look amazing
It's gonna be fun.
I just need a recipe
Mac did you see that assignment I posted
Pls do
Mac probably doesn't cry either
Go cry some more
Fucking tryhard
Eww
I bet you played mercy didn't you you dirty little slut
What are you putting in the smoothies?
If it's just fruit and milk it's pretty healthy
it was funny the first time, now it's not
mac look at my first assignment

the stomach?
🍆 💋
🍆
🐢 🐢
Yes there was a lot of head between them
fuck how did you guys know i was a feminist
i have to meet with my consulting group at 10:30 potentially until 3 am
😦
i need to submit a paper by 10 and then i can play until 10:20
uhhhhhhh asher heal me big boy
they're ruining the innocence of the game
specifically about overwatch
I feel dirty just reading through the last 4 hours of chat
I feel dirty just reading through the last 4 hours of chat
what's its time complexity
i bet i could write one faster in angular 1
it's not even that long
so should keenan yet he's still here
MAC DO YOU WANNA SEE MERCY FUCK
was it mercy?
gyngr
asher why aint you talkin to us boy
niger niger niger
bigger bigger bigger
it's more important to have a high paying job that you enjoy than a low paying job that you hate
i ddddon't have a sttttutter
aaaaeeeeeiiiiooouuuuuooeeeaauuuoooeeaauueuueueueaoooooeeeeeauuuuuuuaoooooouuue
asher did you turn off your volumn
bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
uhhhhhhhhhh uhhhhhhhhhh uh uh uh uhhhhhhhhhh uhhhhhhhhhh
uhhhhhhhhhhh
uuuuhhhh
/gamerescape sword
uhhh
ugh
hahahahahahahahahaha
also because I'm a nazi haha fuck jews
Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out— 
Because I was not a Jew.
Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out— 
Because I was not a Trade Unionist.
Because I was not a Socialist.
First they came for the Socialists, and I did not speak out
one fell off and hit his head
ten little faggots jumping on the bed
asher go back to bed
hey ram me
heh rahm bay
he rahm bay
ha rahm bay
hahram bay
haramh bay
harahm bay
👉 👌
🍆
nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger nigger
nigger shit cunt fuck ass bitch
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
unflip ┬─┬﻿ ノ( ゜-゜ノ)
_this has emphasis_
wtf (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
wow mac not even gonna say good bye
from waffle house
the last meal i had before that was a tbone steak
just bread and salami
4th meal in a row i'm just eating a salami sandwich
i'm eating my din din now
does anyone want to play dotawatch?
i need a break from work
in like 30 minutes
anyway, i'm going to play overwatch when i get home
also for netflix, you only really visit it once when you stream
so clicking on multiple pages on one site can count as more than 1 site visit
i'm pretty sure it's just estimates probably measures how much a dns is looked up thorugh a isp router
i feel like most people use amazon now
who uses ebay
alos ebay
and so does craigslist
yahoo does seem a bit high to me
google is 1
facebook is 2
so clicking multiple links on one site might count as more than 1 visit
not popularity
it's page visits
why not?
more popular streaming than netflix
xvideo almost in the top 10

i remember i once played like 20 different song of a variety of different genres for mac and the only song he said wasn't shit was love me maybe
mac loves carly rae jepson too
mac get faster fingers
thriple click the line and hit delete
also i don't make mistakes
yeah there's is one button, it's called the home button
maybe you just suck at mousing
i have fast hands
i have a fast mouse
cuz i'm not doing it on a command line
which is faster
i can highlight something and press control "
Eew
Why did you stop using vim
Wtf atom is written in node?
I don't even have any programming stuff on my desktop
Lol
I don't think the particles are too bad, it's the vibration I don't think I can handle
Okay I will try it
Isn't a text editor supposed to be fast and light weight
Why would you ever want that mac
Imagine if that was in eclipse, it would probably break most computers
I told you that vibration thing is going to hinder performance
uuuuugh i guess
yes mac
he asked me asshole
never heard of tetris before, seems like a cool concept
to be a big boy
mac you're shopping now?
How does it feel to buy your own food
i don't mind switching maps
just put a capture point int eh center of the map
yeah
rounds, not matches
it really should be 2 matches of payload/control pint and then 1 round of king of the hill
right nobody complains about dota's ranked
yeah, now if you get a draw it's like you just wasted 10 minutes
like why does it even there
also draws are completely bullshit
ugh i lost 400 mmr playing solo queue
even suck asher's cock
i would do anything to takl to you guys right now
plz talk to me i need to know you guys are there
why won't any of you talk to me, i know youre online
keenan will never know what transpired here
sure wish someone would say something
ded chat
this is just like being in chat
try haram bae
btw asher, it stops after like 2 lines
how can it just access my speakers like that
did you have to introduce this to us
ugh why mac
wtf
blizzard streaming is a thing now
🇾 👁‍🗨 🇺    🇱 ❗ 🇰 🇪    🇲 🇾    🇲 🇪 🇬 🅰    🇲 🇪 🅰 ✝    👌 👌 ⁉ ♐
i'm probably going to play overwatch in a bit after i finish my food
probably but relying that much on css makes me uncomfortable
👉 👌 😵
I also found out I probably shouldn't use paperscript :(
yay i got paper script to work with angular
It feels dirty and I'm ashamed of myself
Like mac, I've officially committed to slave work too
i got excited for a second cuz i thought mac was gonna give me a library to look at but nooo
i just googled l33t because i thought mac said that
like the file type
i think there's some differences
liek it would run one or the other but not both
or in general, i couldn't get paperscript to integrate with javascript
is it even possible?
i never got paper script to integrate with angular though
lol, i just opened paperjs to check it out
i'm looking into canvas but there might be better stuff
just using css seems finicky

i need to make something like this
what about animations of shapes?
i don't want to set specific pixel distances
is there anything better than css?
and they need to be fixed relative to each other
mac do you have any recommendations for libraries i should use if i want to make a home page with circular shapes?
https://i.reddituploads.com/f1dc107e4b284a96b6b621af6398767f?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=c25b05bca0cfc73ec5775515b11533c4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHdPLQdjsfE
my favorite one
I don't got time for that
What do I do
Oh shit I think I'm being cyber bullied.
i had to ask for a minute and pull my computer away to close discord
no
just really hope she wasn't jewish
pic
she definitely saw keenan's name and profile
i forgot to close discord before meeting with a recruiter and your messages popped up
god fucking shit
Including Jared leto
I thought nobody liked Jared Leto joker
This shit is so confusing to read on my phone.
I keep thinking cholical is me and keenanam is keena
maybe she's wearing a wedding ring so random lusty assholes in her class won't ask her out
does she have a ring
is she actually engaged
Cool, you're welcome to crash at my place
i think you already have access to it
yo mac, i'm moving the campuscache files to the tclassified repository instead of the cholical.io one because i need the cholical.io one for something else
What convention
just thought you should know keenan
so instead of 400 pixels, you can say 5 cm
apparently you can assign css values with centimeters
did ron like what you made for them?
oh
cuz on mobile, it doesn't use nicknames, it just uses usernames
click on his name in the sidebar
wtf how did keenan change his username to cholical
otherwise it woudl just be box
see they put x in the name to add intrigue
what do you mean they turned him into modok
what's modok
why is there an s now
best if you stick with n8
what about the original person who answers it
what about the people who answer stack overflow posts
maybe you shoudl get good
i would price a website by an hourly estimate
it can be
charge a lumpsum rather than hourly
you gotta discuss that before youw ork
at least you get paid to do homework
mac are you really not getting paid for this?
it's to make keenan wonder what psx is
for a second there i thought you wre talking about me
because adding x to anything adds intrigue
you should never pro bono, that just means your a slave
mac are they paying you well
i had to show stuff on my computer to a group of people, couldn't run the risk of them seeing cunt dracula
Although it's probably the aame speed if the number of items stay at 10k
You could do a server side search
Especially if you're doing a keyword search
No, not the load time, the search time
That fucked me during a presentation because there was dara that ie caches that chrome doesn't
Also internet explorer and chrome have different caching algorithms
Since the search is completely client side, people with sitter computers will have slower result times
That's because you have a fast com0uter
And then charge them extra because it'll be easier to use
You can probably also make a ui for it
Oh right.
How does gameworld update the data?
It saves an http call
Why not just save the json in the angular javascript
is there a backend to this site
yeah that's what i was thinking
so you don't have the first paging matching just "the" when someone types "the legend of zelda"
are you going to do a keyword filter?
because if you do, you'd have to have some kind of sort on relevance
also does it even matter that much in javascript since javascript uses virtual memory
what kind of sort are you going to use
it's only ugly cause it's uglified
why not just use javascript
you probably want to strip punctuation too
but there's less confusion
i don't know typescript
why is shorthand even a thing
i didn't know function has a shorthand form
so right now, it searches for the entire query
ah
i don't knmow any shorthand 😦
is that an angular 2.0 thing
dafuck is =>
sure
1.
break down the search query by spaces and strip all punctuation
how i would do this search would be:
what do you mean by minified?
you can assign priority values to results
i made some changes to it but yeah basically
like legend and zelda should be prioritized over the
but make sure that you give keywords priority too
no, but that's what we should have done
i would break down the search entry into keywords and then return all entries that match keywords
write a custom filter for search
i thought the original song was some spoof with snl but it's not
thats some really innovative rhyming
game stop will pay you for it
and then put in jail
whoever leaked that shoudl be fired
their email addresses and where they live
okay, because i definitely don't have a list of all your customers
are you harambe
is that yours
!cena
!airhorn
!airhorn
http://cholical.github.io/#/home
https://www.facebook.com/realkraze/videos/853023991500926/
that sucks
it was being set as default, literally no sound was being picked up
and can now use hdmi or a jack for sound output
i also seem to have fixed the sound problems where my speakers weren't being detected
i also made sure to install all available drivers this time
and i had disabled so much stuff on my computer that it was getting slow
the disk usage problem would pop up every so often
so i reinstalled windows today and that seems to have made most of my computer problems go away
i'm good for either, competitive season 2 came out for overwatch
i haven't played dotes in a week or two
or dotes?
overwatch?
i'm bacck, let me know if you want to play anything
i'm going to eat, i'll play after
i can too
yeah
female XL right?
Principal's
Careful, Mrs lewis might send you to the principal ' office
I can play in a bit
just updated google plus for the first time in 18 weeks
you have to know the played out joke to understand my joke
i need to update my google plus
too intense for politically correcct people


yeah except it wasn't a message, it was a comment to a post
well it was hitler related
i'm in a lecture hall right now, tiered lecture hall
i said to a guy named jeremey that if I were in a room with him and hitler and had a gun with two bullets, i'd shoot myself twice because i couldn't live with the idea that such a terrible person like jeremey could ever exist
i also realized i probably can't keep my name as cunt dracula because i can't pull up chat in class
hmmm my hitler joke wasn't well received on facebook
I mostly thoguht that a few years a go when he didn't share anything about himself
I always pictured him as a guy in his late thirties early forties
😦
D:
"key" things mac
mac is too busy catching them all
lemme check if my audio is working now
because there's a jew among us now
my sound randomly stops working i need to restart
like listening to pokemon go covers
keenan and mac are you guys coming
are you playing pokemon go now
he just uses it to play lisa and dota
keenan has a second steam account
you mean harambe country
but my boy abe gets shot anyways
the union wins
SPOILER WARNING
🍆 👌
when i play with mac, i get a firmness in my pants that i just don't get when i play with anyone else
fuck you i just wanted to play with mac
😦
does anyone want to play overwatch in 10 minutes
iw as playing overwatch before
i have to get some work done, i might be able to play again in a bit
Aka bloomington and everywhere besides bloomington
Gotta appeal to both sides of the spectrum
Of course you're a genius mac
looks pretty good to me

you should be called gameindiana
why are you guys called gameworld if you're only indiana
i am too.
but i did get the gold slark immortal which is worth an arcana
i think ronald sold all of his, they were like 4 bucks each a few hours ago
i got 3 shit sets
that's weird, i did add this channel today but idk how that could happen
so i had to type
no he was in a call, i just couldn't talk
i just can't talk right now becase i'm in the library
then it could seem like it was a gltich or something at first
i think it would be funnier if all of this history was wiped
because i'm mac
oh shit i just called you mac
sort of like finishing the tutorial
so i was actually playing instead of just setting stuff up
like it took me an hour or two to really get into the game
i got into fallout again last weekend and i have a urge to binge play it now
do you guys have monday off too
i haven't seen either yet
which one?
so is tmnt
captain america is on yify
i thought you wree going to delete history anyway
🍆
oh boy
yes
yeah because i'm the real mac
they're going to figure out you're purple and i'm pink though
of other people
also i can't change profile pics
you right click the name on the right sidebar
actually green
sure can i be blue
ah i can see history now
can't see all the stupid shit we've said anymore
noooooo
lol
like can you kick me as an admin?
can you do more than a regular admin?
are you still a super admin or owner?
#cuntdracula
#niggernaggernigger
#fuckjews
you should name it something else
it works for me now
!test
!test
yoyoyo
!test
!test
!airhorn help
!airhorn
!airhorn
dfg
!airhorn
!airhorn
!airhorn
!airhorn!airhorn!airhorn
!airhorn
!airhorn
!airhorn
!airhorn
!airhorn
!airhorn
!cena spam
!airhorn
#ffffff
!airhorn
!cena spam
!airhorn
is it actually admin only or did you just name it that
cuz some of the stuff we say cdan be seriously miscontrued and get us in trouble if leaked
i was just going to say we should have a channel with just you me keenan and asher
lol yeah
ah
😦
also there's an admin-only channel that i can't view
i can see all new messages but i can't view the previous messages
why does it say i don't have the permission  to view the message history of general
cxv
it would have been worth it to buy a bunch of battle passes just to get these chests and sell them off
just sold all of them
No one's gonna want that
although there's a designated sleep area for outof town people
mac, if you come to hacknc, i can pick you up from the airport and stuff and you can stay with me
it doesn't seem to give percentages
i feel like it should but idk
i have an immortal II chest that i haven't sold yet.
i kind of want to wait
okay, i'm selling mine then
do you think immortal chest prices will go up afgter they're no longer obtainable
is it worth opening though?
ah cool
is that the chest for the prize pool
What's the price of the benefactors chesrs?
It's free including food
No
you can apply for travel reimbursement
https://hacknc.com/
mac you should come to this
Fuck yes car didn't get towed
That was the year where I said fuck expectations and started doing stiff I actually enjoyed
I feel like I don't remember anything from high school besides senior year
Like I legit don't
She was in Hayes class?
Ti be fair, she had very little presence in high school.
I didn't know she existed until senior year
Is it too much muscle?
How much muscle
If I remember correctly, she really "developed"
What do you mean got pissed
Those are some nice basketballs
She's saving herself just for you
What if it's a chastity ring
xz
who
why is kyle starks
k, give me five minutes to get comfortable
?
like phone sex
I know but what's your in
What
What
when i was a boy
mac i used to go to church...
http://i.imgur.com/xv6yKtA.png


did you mute your mci?
keenan are you there
don't forget to git commit and git push first
i will once the game starts
also we shoudl start as soon as possible
snake
mac why is your picture a sname
do i really have to use 4 tickets
yeah and thats aobut it
i remember he sucked
wait mac, no thethrill isn't good
he's online don't know if he's gonna play or if we should play with him
invite quinn?
i got 4 tickets
mac invite your ethan
was it an alcohol thing
she has 50 something mutual friens with me
too late
why?
whats shailey's last name
i will in a bit
you have 20 mins
mac join dota
was that cody's boo back in the day
who accused him
you can be suspended if you are accused
how she talks

ive heard rumors but idk how true they are
do you want chris parkers sloppy seconds
what if chris parker has already been there keenan
i have 5, she also knows b milsl, chris parker, and kyle dewit
what convention
convo?
you can add her if you talk to her
does mac know her?
add her
https://www.facebook.com/elana.fiorini
you should ask her about her orchestra experience and then casually slip in that you played at carnegie hall
http://www.idsnews.com/article/2015/09/junior-wins-bloomingcon-cosplay-contest
she probably voted for obama
yeah you probably should
i mean shes gotta nose ring
liberals
one of those
be a
she might
i think
but
but
now don't get scared
keenan
have you talked to her yet
but i think she might be dying her hair
this might come as a shock to you
keenan
who are you talking abourt
are you still talking about kessler
i seriously have no idea what either of you guyus are talking about
what are you talking about
🍆 👌
YOU FUCKIN CUM GUZZLIN WHORE ASS BITCH
apology not accepted
keenan stop hurting my feelings
mac we still doing battle cup?
guess not
i feel like some of the teams would stick together even after the organization left
is today the roster lock or something
idk why the teams are switching so much
wow keenan you're just gonna ask me to join call and then leave
why i should do hw
i'm only 900 from my next immortal treasure, we should do a wager match today
btw mac community challenge is done free 300 points
yes
🐖
🍆
can i join call?
😦
why are you guys in call and not even playing stuff
thats cuz it's a shitty ability and nobody uses it
http://i.imgur.com/KZpMzZA.jpg
apparently it's really bad to have it enabled on a computer meant for gaming
in the background, but it seems to cause a lot of other problems
it's some kind of service that loads application data that it thinks you're going to use
i think the superfetch also caused issues, disabling superfetch has made the program go away on start up
as soon as i end the process, my disk usage returns to normal
there's a this thing called microsoft click to run service in my processes that auto starts
okay i think i figured out what's causing my disk issues
helps that fps is so high
i can usually end a game with 50-60 percent accuracy
i'm getting really good at using mccree without fan of the hammer
5 more minutes max
you don't even play heroes that need to aim
okay let me get a few games of overwatch in
how is overwatch more tiring
ill probably play tomorrow and try to do battle cup
requires too much focus
dota too intense for right now
anyway i'm giong to play some realistic overwatch if any one wants to join me
i did, i did a lot of other shit too, so i don't know what actually did the fix
now it's just at bootup
before it was constant
i've tried starting it and restarting it several times and it hasn't been a problem
yeah i've seen that solution before, but since the disk issue is going away after like 30 seconds now, i'm not too worried about it anymore
lol
but i also hate it too
have
i hate disk usage issues but i think it's gotten better
mac is a dangerous boy
Bag your dick on her drums
I can play in an hour if anyone is still on
mac if you have amazon prime, there's something called kindle first and you can get a free book from a selection of 6 every month
no damage
did you push people off a lot
i had the fifth one
is it normal to hit really high disk usage when playing games
i have some windows updates that need to be installed, i'm going to try installing those
i feel like it might be a windows 10 issue
do you think it's a driver issue then?
now nothing is particularly high but disk usage is still at 100
i think so
now i;'m pretty sure it's software
i unplugged my ethernet and it's working fine again, idk what's causing it
i also disconnected my front case connectors and plugged them back in so now my front usbs work again, i think it was just loose
like right now it's working again but i'm afraid it'll flair up again
apparently it's a common issue, but i haven't found a solution yet, it might also just go away on its own
the highlighted one was the issue when the disk usage ran high

it came back and then went completely away again
service host local  system network restricted (10)
and it didn't work at first, but now it's suddenly working again
so i unplugged the harddrive connections and plugged them back in
i tried restarting it and it wouldn't even boot
so for some reason my disk usage kept hitting 100 percent today and my computer became really slow.
I can't decide if I want to use graphics enhancement mods right away which will disable achievements or finish the game normally and then add mods.
Okay I will in a bit
Nope
at 41 mins
finally finished my character face creation

Keenan we gotta get together so I can show you my PENIS
And they're the same issue
I have 2 comics
I sometimes shuffle my dc comics
Need to eat first.
First meal of the day

I'm not in call
Not just martha but martha stewart
There was a girl in my consulting class who went by martha stewart
did you know you use slash to denote a closing tag
this is basically intro to web programming
i honestly don't know what i'm going to do with this class
neither did i
did you know that the <h1> tag is the header 1 tag and can be reformatted with css?
mac we're learning about tags in class

is the summer heat going to break it
apparently my graphics card has already been delivered and is just sitting on my parents doorstep out in the open
can any of you play stuff at 10ish today
He said he's going to text debro and ask debro if he still remembers me
I'm pretty sure Henderson lived on the south side of town
He also knows Henderson and mossbrucker.
Weird part is his children were too young to have gone to high school so I dk how he knew so many people at north
There's a lot of Kelley professors that came here a few years a go
So my finance professor used to live in gentry east and knows Mr debro
i want to waga your tiki
i'll finish it tonight and send pics
what
I can tomorrow night.
I still have like 3 hours of work to do today
also one of the comments was about how the person plays with 1234 hotkeys
lol that's gonna get patched really soon
mac have you ever used textbooks on an ereader before?
better be worth it
ah cool, i just spent 50 bucks to get amazon prime today
or hbo
how are you watching it?
i don't think it's on netflix
i'm gonna watch it some time, just do't know when
does each episode have it's own plot that's resolved at the end of the show
is it formulaic like other usa shows
it's unhealthy to have toolittle fat
has he tried to bulk and it just doesnt work or is he not trying at all
that's like the weight of my right leg
he looks really lean but he doesn't look any bigger
look at dat smile
https://scontent-iad3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/14064314_10206620195614819_3290465335595283320_n.jpg?oh=dba30ebf371482ddb72ffcec4c47e1dd&oe=5840C858
and  informed
her videos make me uncomfortable and horny at the same time
i was going to share it but then i forgot
mac i saw the how to chnage a tire one
join call you fuck
mac where you go
I'm cumming
i'm here you fucks
Nobody will ever know because if they asked to see your transcript you can just tell them that its rude
The trick to getting a's is just telling everyone you got an a
Actually nvmd I'll be on sooner
I won't be on until like past 1030
Mac just memorizes the readings
Mac
That's why ac and your girlfriend have so many classes together
So mac is actually your girlfeiend
And keenan is your girlfriend
Mac is actually keenan
It's time we told you the truth truth truth
Asher
Hitler should have called suicide hotline
To learn from hitler mistakes
I'm taking a holocaust class
Please don't be upset
Even I have a class with her
We're all stalking her
It's time we tell you the truth
Asher
Lol
Mac
I thought you drove max to school everyday
Me too
I can join now if your okay with pooping sounds
Mac it's pretty weird
Is it about someone we both know
Is it a secret that mac and asher can't know about
Okay why can't you tell me here keenan
Like I went to his house and had dinner with his family before
Also mac, this professor is one of the partners at the company I used to work for so I know him from outside of school so it's really weird
So I have the real 3 hour class on thursday
It's a consulting class.
Today wasn't even a real class.
It was a "mandatory session"
I just had a 4 hour class like wtf
I can later tonight
suck it mac
yo i'm gonna play a game right now if you're interested
Depends on my move and how long it takes
I can maybe play
believe it or not, so is nepal
where mac lives, it's already night
nah asian people are myths
that's basically 95 percent of all diversity
i'm taking a class on american literature and cultural diversity and we watch inglourious basterds and django unchained
niggers all over my naked ass fucker
WE NEED YOUR DICK OUT FOR HARAMBE
MAC
put it in the washer
mac cum play overwatch
idk it was just funny watching a grown man call another grown man a nazi eyed shit
idk why people like charlie
https://clips.twitch.tv/beyondthesummit/CleanCaribouPeoplesChamp
mac
i will in like 10 minutes
and the one i'm getting is probably even a little better than this one
ugh this looks so good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0fdNOljbPY
playing soccor in the sun can be pretty dehydrating
isn't lucio ball ending today
i also have to come either way to take my dad to the airport
it's being sent to my parents house and i probably won't have time to come here and pick it up until thursday since i don't have classes on fridays
also the graphics card is supposed to come on thrusday which works out perfectly
makes me wanna play support morphling again
it just shipped out from california
okay cool, i'm going to be in my room/bed all day cuz my cold is getting worse, let me know
😦
when is evening
anybody wanna play something
:( one of the biggest complaints with the summer thing is that you can't directly buy the summer stuff
are you going to play dotawatch
it gets auto aimed
it's also bull shit he can deflect mccrees stun and stun mccree
i hate how he can jump around 3 or 4 people without dying
i'm getting really frustrated with overwatch.
it's genji every game
i probably will, i'm down to play dota now too
Feel free to join me in fighting genjis
Lol
kill your guests
mac where you at
sad game
their second pick is omnibitch wow
yeah but he shits on morphling
oh god, the other team first picked elder titan
they're letting me play hard carry
i don't expect this to take very long
okay cool
idk
actually nvmd, i think it's like 3 +_2
actually i think it's a 4 stack + me
i just got in a game with randos
okay i'm gonna play with randos then
my roomates are planning a house party for next saturday so i probably can't
i'm not sure if i can next week
when will you be home?
yeah it's today, we have 55 more minutes, i have 5 battle tickets
How do I check if it's today or Sunday?
Yo we doing battle cup?
i would give it to you if i could

lul

also do you remember how i said my ping stabilized after i connected my ethernet cord yesterday?
i think it was mostly because i reconnected because i was told this morning that the ethernet connection to my room wasn't even plugged in
nice, i tried running the game at full resolution at medium specs at first, i got 5 seconds per frame, never made it past the mirror for customization
I'm not going to mess with it any further just gonna wait for the graphics card go come
I should be able to.
I saw videos of people running it
after doing some fixes to the launcher and running lowest possible settings at 800 x 450 resolution, i'm getting 2 frames per second with fallout 4
it's always green right now
no?
can you guys hear me?
it's detecting my voice, but it's very quiet
let me test if this mic actually works
but discord seems to know when i talk
no
it lists my mic
yeah
discord is picking up input from my mic everytime i talk
can you guys really not hear me
give me like 2 minutes to set it up
i found a stand alone mic
because then the echo will be even worse
ugh it's 2016 why isn't this fixed
and i can plug in the built in speakers from my moniter in my computer
i still have my old mic somewhere in my room
true but then i would have to buy a headset
ah okay so the audio input of my motherboard isnt' broken
i tried uninstalling and installing drivers and shit
like there's no work around
do i really need one?
https://www.amazon.com/FireAnt%C2%AE-Female-Plated-Headphone-Splitter/dp/B019C2ZBS2/ref=sr_1_18?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1471662054&sr=1-18&keywords=headset+adapter
i think imight need one of these
both work on my laptop though
i wonder if it will work if i have seperate headphones and mics or an audio splitter
but if i plug it into the mic jack, the speakers stop working and it detects the mic but doesnt' detect sound
if i plug it into the speaker jack, only the speaker works
i'm using apple headphones with the built in mic
on desktops, do i need a seperate mic and speaker with 2 different jacks?
or should it work if i just plug it into one jack
my mic isn't working properlly
i'm gonna play in a bit, my mic isn't working so i'm updating drivers and shit
Is that someone's we site for their dead pets
mac overwatch?
Okay.
Are you going to play dotawatch tonight?
It lied
I read somewhere yoy can just type bash in windows 10 to install ubuntu
this is probably the best feature of windows 10
look at that full screen

omg mac
glad are home.
asher need play dotawatch together us
woah asher are home?
mac
😦
i just saw this, are you gusy still gonna play
theres a lvl 325 solider 76 on my team
what a homophobic company
so you can't have all colors at once
is rainbow a color
i will tape dildos on it like a unicorn
yes
okay i did it

okay im gonna get it then
can i use that outside of gaming
what can i use the dvi for
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814137025&cm_re=msi_rx_470-_-14-137-025-_-Product
jsut to make sure, this is the custom version
yeah i think i'll get the 8gb
hmm i'm really tempted to get the 8gb since it's only 40 dollars more expensive
it say the differences isn't very noticiable right now but it might be in future games
does overclocking the gpu use up more power
okay

hmm but it is 4gb more ram
i can now play overwatch on a screen twice as large
it's in a stock too so i can get it pretty soon
i probbaly won't be getting a new moniter anytime soon
i would want to play at 1080 since my moniter is 1080
how much does the memory actually matter?
and i kind of want a video card right now since this ocmputer is pretty awesome
since you know this stuff better than i do
if you say yes, i will buy it today
do  you thyink i should just get the msi rx 470 then
doe sit mean it will run hotter
mac what does boost speed mean and how is that different from regular speed
i can run fallout on low to med settings on intel graphics

no i haven't i just got up
i'm legit ready to buy that
http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814137025&cm_re=msi_rx_470-_-14-137-025-_-Product
so like this?
mac shiould i on,y look at msi cards
a lot better than 8
im alos really liking windows 10
i thinkit's the model from 4-5 years ago
my laptop is just old
the boot time is longer than i would like
i'm s till considering an ssd
And 5 to get overwatch
It took like 10 minutes to get dota
Also my disk speed no longer limits my network speed so I can get like 20 megabytes per second download speed
Are you recommending the 470 now?
Why :(
It's like a whole different game
With my new comp I can play over watch at 1600 x 900 with 75 percent render and get 25-30fps
https://pvplive.net/c/new-legendary-skin-revealed-for-reinhardt
🍆
give me a min to get my windows 10 installation started
okay i'll run it while i play overwatch
also do you know approximately how long it takes to install windows 10 from bios?
i can't remember which but it was for 240 bucks
i literally held one a few days ago and decided i didn't want it and had it reshelved
i'd rather just wait for the rx 480 to come back in stock
also mac, are you going to play dota today or tomorrow?
i still need to get rid  of the 1000 points
deny your family
okay is anyone going to play dotawatch?
otherwise i'm going to play a game and go back to installing shit
the 1060
the gtx is like 50 dollars more expensive
how do i know if a card is last year
i haven't bought anything yet
i might also just get something besides the rx 480
i think it's cheaper though
also i think this computer is going to force me to get a headset
give me like 5 mins
i'm probably going to play games in a bit and set up software tomorrow, these downloads and processes are taking a while
it's already really cool
where downwared fan could go but idk if i need anymore fans
i put most of my wires in teh area between the power supply and the hard drive slots
i don't think i managed my cables very well but at least nothing is hitting the fans
ah
http://www.microcenter.com/product/466331/Radeon_RX_480_8GB_GDDR5_PCIe_Video_Card
why does this look different
i can't find it online now
i should have bought it in the store
wut if i want rainbows
true
there's a good chance i will fuck up the first time so i don't want to make it permanent
Is it bad to use the twist ties that came with the wires or should I use the zip ties
I need to do cable management first.
My back fan wire keeps hitting the heat sink


It shows the screen above with the gigabyte logo and some other options.
It flashed by too quickly before I could focus


Drive
It keeps asking for a boot drice
I'll send you a pick after dinner
I'm not sure, everything seems to be working though
Yet
No I don't have a Bootable version
It was hd_audio
I'm not sure but I plugged an audio thing from my case into the motherboard
And then start downloading windows snd drivers
Just did, everything works except the cables are too close to the fans.
I need to fix those
It's so nice that I can now just drive and buy stuff I'd I need it
Do you think I should test it out before I do cable management?
They didn't come with the case so I went out and bought some.
Everything should be done once I put them in
I needed 3 pin to molex adapters
Nvmd I think I got it
just for now
mac is it dangerous to run the computer with just 1 fan?
i also have a lot of extra wires that came in my psu that i need to figure out
i think i'm getting close to being done, i just can't figure out how to get the 2 front facing fans in
no they're 3 pins
also is it possible to run the computer without all 3 fans running espeically since i don't have a gpu in
but i don't seem to have one
it says i should use one to connect my case fans to the psu
do you know anything about 3 pin to molex adaptors?
okay yeah apparently this is a common forum post by new people
so it's not a defect?
is that supposed to be like that?
also do you see how one of the openings for the 24 pin connector is empty

cool, i like how all the wires for the psu are bundled in a mesh like material
like i can take off the side panels on my case from both sides
should i run my cables through the back panel if possible
okay yeah, apparently it's possible to do it both ways but pointing the fan bottom is better
or at least it looks like it
it screws in  oth ways for me
is the power supply fan supposed to point up or down?
cuz my pee comes from me and as i long as i take a shower first, my pee is clean too
i peed on everything
should i wait until everything is in before zipping up wires?
Okay I just plugged it into the sys fan.
There wasn't a click or anything but I think it went in

i thought it could plug in too but i didn't know if i should
is that safe?
because i can't find a plug that fits.
the fan plug has 3 prongs while the sys fan input on my motherboard has 4 prongs
where would they plug if they didn't plug into the motherboard?
you said the fan wires might plut into the motherboard
When I watched game of thrones I always skipped to 5 mins
Yeah
The screwdriver I'm using has a magnet in it.
Is that bad?
Yeah
Cool I put the motherboard on top of it now
So I wrapped it around the right and now there's a lot of extra wire
Also does the wires for the heat sink work?
At first I just left it the way they came out of the box which went around the left but that kept hitting the fan

should i put the i/0 panel on the motherboard and try to get them both in or should i put in the io panel in the case first and fit the motherboard in after
but i had already purchased 1x16gb
i was originally only getting a motherboard with 2 slots but then i upgraded to 4 in store
haha yeah
This is what I have so far

I thought it was just a placeholder or something and forgot it was rhere
There's a white box that was stuck inside the hard drive slot that has acrews
Oh I see
The case didn't come with any additional screws
But it requires and inverted hexagonal tool
And then screw the motherboard in with those
I'm supposed to take that screw out right?

of the case
i don't think i have the tool needed to ge the screws for the motherboard out
every guide i've seen says put the heatsink in first
no
what
do i need to take off the stickers on my ram
and ram
i got my processor and heat sink in
ah cool
ah okay thanks
can i use the motherboard without the driver installed
but what about the driver disc that comes with the motherboard
mac do i need an external optical drive to install drivers and stuff?
What programs does it teach?

but i think if you get a lot, you get classes right?
ah
you were lucky just to be alive because of police brutality
it wuzz a family emergency
i think you lose your license for lik e6 moinths if you get 3
appeal that shit
it's okay as long as you have less than 3
Mac can you play stuff tonight?
The case I got has two built in fans and compartments.
The power supply I went with was modular or semi so it shouldn't be too hard to use
My brothers gonna watch me build
Not yet but I will.
I'm pretty much dedicating my next two days to it
I'm finally home.
Gonna build my computer tomorrow
I can play dotawatch tonight and call
I'm gonna get the yellow bandit one because fuck america
Fuck you keenan
you gonna play?
yeah
i should have posted somethng
yeah probably, but i saw it happen yesterday when it was only like an hour old
come play a game of overwatch with me
that's the best thread i've seen in a while
the link is sorted by top, read the second comment first
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4xxgce/whats_something_youre_confident_has_only_happened/?sort=top
idk if you've seen this post
the one with the new map
i have to download an update
did the overwatch update come out
It'll probably be an hour or so.
I just got back and I'm tired as hell
If I'm not too tired I'll probably drive a few too
Cuz breaks and stuff
8 but with my folks it'll be 10
Yeah
I can try playing tonight.
I'll be a car all day tomorrow so I want to try to stay up late sleep for most of the car ride
Nice red dot
People started yelling and chanting harambe
I'm at a yankees game and a bunch of people brought signs that say ducks out for harambe


I asked them for a bibble.
They told me to get the fuck out

http://m.imgur.com/a/ZGBJX
But yeah I would watch that
I'm actually in a car, I won't be back at the hotel for another hour or two
It took me like 100 games
I'm gonna get really good at mccree one day.
Its just like me playing morphling in dota
Fuck you
I wanna watch you watch mac play dota
Someone
I wanna watch some play mccree
I had them bring one out of the stock room and almost bought it
No they had msi and something like vision tech or something
It's actually cheaper I'd I buy it online because I don't have to pay tax online
So I can probably play overwatch decently until I get the graphics card
The processor is still hell of a lot better than my laptop one
He said I should wait or get something else
So it's a good idea to wait?
But either way I'm fine with holding off for now since the micro center price is the same as the online price
They had a software fix
The guy told me I shouldn't get it
So I didn't get it
But apparently the rx 480 has power issues right now and can sometimes fry the motherboeard
Also they had the msi rx 480
What's wrong with my psu?




I'll be back at the hotel in 15 mins and send the exact model numbers
The guy who helped me said they were compatible

And a cosair case
And a cosair case
I ended up getting a better motherboard and power supply
cool thanks, i'm going to read the samples for all of these
did he write anything else well known?
i've heard of terry pratchett
is this the good omens book https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_Omens ?
i'm downloading the storm front sampel right now
i'll probably read the samples and see if i like them
up
okay i'll look them p thanks
probably sci fi or mystery
cuz i'm probably going to get a book tonight
no i mean in general
and i need to spend my google redit before it expires
you read mroe than me
keenan do you have any actual suggestions?
if you control f "lendable" you can see
lending isn't available on game of thrones
nah i have theat memorized by heart
besides those two
do you know any good books i should get
the sample i looked at got automatically downloaded to my kindle even though i looked at it from my computer on a different internet connection
did you lend it yet?
idk if i will get it automatically downloaded or if i ned to refrhes
the cs email is linked to our space on the server
the business school email is more of an account that lets you get special access to stuff
the server for that email is in our building
cs is for cs department
i can get another year of amazon prime if i use ronding@cs.unc.edu and ronding@ad.unc.edu
business school email

:(
ronald_ding@kenan-flagler.unc.edu
you'll probably get like 10-20 levels
can you still lend me game of thrones
internet is way too inconsistent
yeah i feel like proably shouldn't play
I'm going to try one more connection
How many points did you get
If we play dota, I'm gonna play texhies
Actually I think all these networks kind of suck
okay i'm on cablewifi now
They have a router for every few rooms or something
i'm going to switch internets
i just need 10 gold
goddamit i got 4 sprays again
so most of my stuff was trash damage
i had like 8
like a real one with other poeple?
i can't wait until twitter bank rupts
no, we need cryme ariven
sure
i miss talking
mac are you going to play something then
is left 4 dead a mod?
yeah i said that cuz i disagree with you saying that portal is a mod of half life
how is portal a mod of half life
it's a mod of tf2
tbh you can't just call some of those games mods just because they wre build in the half life engine
is garry's mod a mod?
they should buy skyrim
🍆
are you guys going to play dota or overwatch
is there an aftershow
eg didn't suck enough
so that's like the equilvalent of like over 20 million dollars each in american dollars in america
sorry i meant 8 million each
and the cost for stuff in china is like 1/4th of american stuff
that's like 8 million chiinese dollars
fuck kotl
this translation is so bad
mac, it's like a built in pocket
they had it shoved up their asses too
i just don't like how nobody knows anyone on wings
now dc has to keep their us flags up their asses until they win ti 7
since ti 5
they had it shoved up their butts just for this moment
liquid did better than og
i still predicted og
what do you mean?
dire still 100% winrate
fuck you mac
🍆
😦
why
i just can't talk right now
i can hear you know, i had to leave for a bit earlier
who won game 1
no game 5
😦
what
i will, i might even join call, i just can't talk
i just realized i have the actual book at home
oh wait lol
i don't know what to do
my unlimited trial expired and i was only 80 percent done
also can you lend me game of thrones
arent' you guys in call
also why is keenan playing dotes
THANKS FOR THE SPOILERS MAC
how the fuck am i supposed to plug in my computer
wtf there's no outlet next to the desk
I can play overwatch in a but though but idk how good this internet is
I probably can't call tonight maybe tomorrow
If it ends early are you guys going to play stuff
Oh
Is it game 5?
Is ti over
cause wings has much better late game
i would say it's 50 50 now
hmm dc just made it possible for them to win again
i thought it was like a pudge hook on an allied hero
i didn't know the return cancels the tp
oh
i feel like dc lost already
it could be more if the other team doesn't have  astun ready
there's a timer though
cuz isn't there a timer
like when they're going to relocate back in
idk why ios don't go for the tp out
has zeus been picked yet
he has 24 armor after damage amp
how is timber balanced
i think pudge could be a tier 1 suport
and a pudge
but weefresh
9 million
like how much money first place gets
did they say what the award break down is?
i'm rooting for wings this game just cuz of the draft
silencer permanently steals 2 intelligence from any hero that dies around him
i bet ld is pissed tobiwan was picked to cast the final again
keenan do you know what silencer does?
CORE SILENCER
why do you not like naga
i hope it's a core silencer
wings draft is pretty crazy
you just drive
it's always more interesting if it goes to a game 5
i just hope it goes to a game 5
mirana could be 100 percent if people didn't do a dumb build
yeah timber is the most bullshit hero this patch
is it going to be tobi
also how is ethan playing euro truck simulator while ti finals are going on
who is casting the final?
ugh i didn't put in fantasy cards today or yesterday
charlie always looks lik ehe just woke up
come
i can't even invie you
but mac overwatchhhhhhh
idk if i can tonight
mac come play overwatch with me
oh the final doesn't start for another 45 minutes
#justiceforio
they werent' in on the memes
honeslty i bet it was the chinese
that seems like pretty flawed logic
I BET IT WAS THE PERUVIANS
CUZ IT WUZ
HE HOLDS IT BACKWARDS LIKE SOME FUCKED UP CUK
JUGG ISN'T EVEN HLDING HIS SWORD THE RIGHT WAY
LITERALLY NEVER PICKED
AND NOBODY EVEN PLAYS HIM
HE HAS MORE ITEMS THAN ANY OTHER HERO
SERIOUSLY WHO THE FUCK PLAYS JUGG
BUT NO ONE IS EVEN GOING TO BUY THIS SHIT
THEY WANT PEOPLE TO BUY 1 PER YEAR
CUZ VALVE IS A GREEDY FUCK
BUT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GET ANOTHER SHITTY SHIRTLESS FUCK HEAD
WE COULD HAVE HAD A GODDAMN CUBE
NOBODY IS GOING TO BUY THIS SHIT
WHO THE FUCK EVEN PLAYS JUGG
FUCK FUCK FUCKITY FUCKITY FUCK FUCK FUCK
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCKING FUCK
FUCK DOTA
FUCK VALVE
FUCK FUCK FUCK
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
arcana vote
he's never won a ti
why is no tail in this
i always forget that ig won a ti
usually there's only like 5k
there's 30k people watching on youtube
are you going to be rooting for wings
was that a slark mid or ursa mid
it should be a square
are you gonna buy it mac?
GET READY FOR IO ARCANA
i think it should always be a hard late game carry in the safe lane and a core that is good all game mid
i still don't like puck and qop
eh
i feel like you always need a farming mid
i don't think 4 protect 1 works in this meta
EG LUL
then the ancient died
i thought they were going to all get wiped
holy shit
if i were dc i would just play safe
tb rapier isn't very good
not over yet
this is looking pretty good
da fukc was that
does it purge skadi slow?
ursa needs a diffusal blade
well fuck this game then
oh fuck i thought this was league of legends
it works better for me
i'm watching the youtube stream
they only got supports it's fine
you guys are like 10 seconds a head of me
cuz the push started with him getting caught out
kunkka did right at the beginning
since he did, it's just even
id say it would be worth it if beastmaster didn't die
slark should have come back earlier
hmm idk if that was worth it for dc
brew also sucks ass
they should give the next aegis to slark
they really should just keep split pushing
dc has no team fight unless kunkka gets big
the dazzle is doing so much work
does it give reduced cooldown?
yeah that's what i meant
he does
or does it do something else too
does ursa ult just let him use it during stuns?
they dont have much that goes through bkb
ursa and slark both need bkbs
so you have to commit to kill it or else it will just regen up
because  melee rax has passive regen
he can't not by himself
slark is also starting to snow ball
he's like alch where he has to be ahead to be really effective
tb isn't ahead far enough right now
eg is running a 4 protect 1 with a terrorblade but terrorblade isn't that great against kunkka
i feel like dc has a good chance of winning this
It gets harder for dc as the game goes on
I think eg has better late game but dc has the better combo
I don't like the idea of a 2 time ti winner
Really hope dc wins
i used to only get 2k
i've been grinding chests but all i keep getting are sprays
i've been getting over 3k xp per game
i can only play overwatch for like 30 more minutes then i have to start packing
probably
usually if i hit someone with it, they don't wake up but it's still good practice
i made a chloroform bomb
keenan i bought a real rovolver to pracice mccreee
i think only my junkrat is better now
i'm actually pretty goood now
ugh i just need 10 fucking gold to get my mccree set but it keeps giving me stupid ass sprays
idk depends on the hotel
we're winning a lot with it too
also i'm playing with this group of peole who only do 1 hero every game
cuz i gotta get gud at mccree
is it eg vs dc rightnow
the other team was so pissed off
i just won a game with 5 bastions and a reinhart
good
Yeah its abilities seem similar to pl
Something like that hasn't been done
I feel like it would be something tracers jump
But yeah also some kind of escape like a dash or blink
You mean his penis
Hero
It has to be an illusion heri
I have the theme song for that cartoon on my phone
Idk I would be pissed off if valve bastardized this.
I remember watching the cartoons when I lived in china.
Its one of the few things about china I remember
I'm surprised valve did this.
If they don't do it right it's going to piss off a lot of Chinese people
Monkey king
Also some background, the monkey is the main character in journey to the west which is one of the 4 most well known novels on China and dates back centuries
Yeah it Def sounds like mccree
Oh wtf
You mean mvp?
Or do they play the winner of fnatic and dc
Did mvp get knocked out?
EG LUL
"Would you rather walk in on your dad fucking your dog or your dog fucking your dad?"
Vs eg already
Did wings win
Is the series going on right now
https://i.gr-assets.com/images/S/photo.goodreads.com/hostedimages/1390576056i/8245989._SY540_.jpg
Classy simple design
Binder clip wallet
Nothing says a crafty independent man than a self made wallet
Make your own wallet
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B007VTU1IY/ref=mp_s_a_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1471036526&sr=8-2&pi=SY200_QL40&keywords=B001HT720O%7CB007VTU1IY%7CB01E8QY3M2%7CB01E8QY49O%7CB01E8QY4N0%7CB01E8QY50W&dpPl=1&dpID=516BCeEK8mL&ref=plSrch
Check out this wallet
That's basically a leather flap with cuts in it.
Mac you should get something fancier
Oh I figured it out.
That took more effort than necessary to google.
I kept getting results about finance
What does a cover cost mean?
Is that just the price you have to pay to get into a bar or club?
There's synthetic leather.
Like the kindle cases are synthetic leather
Very possibly
It looks alright.
You might want to go to an actual store though just to feel out textures and stuff
You can probably get better for less at a local bakery
Their parties are really expensice
Do you even drink coffee
What does that mean keenan
Also can't imagine you drinking starbucks
Why you put a sticker on it
It's just bulkier than I would like


They're pretty durable.
I've had mine since middle school
You can get a good one for 30-40 dollars
Just gotta burn another hour and a half
That way keenan can't accidentally take it and buy starbucks with it
Mac who even needs a wallet just carry your backpack everywhere you go
Get all the ladies by protecting your phone AND carrying your cash
Mac you should get one of those cell phone case wallets
They based the show off of me.
But they decided to white wash it
I was looking at the hand and the ring and then I was like oh right, mac doesn't haven't a hithikers thumb
Oh just realized that's not your picture
Ew mac do you really use amex
Im not gay but I've been having this fantasy where this big hairy man is fucking me in the ass.
But like I said I'm not gay
My wallet is straight.
But whatever floats your boat
Also don't worry about getting one that can hold change.
Change is for peasants and taunting the homeless
I've always had a trifold and it looks like I have a tumor growing out of my thigh every time I put it in my pocket
Get a bifold.
Trifold are kind of bulky
I just had the most awkward goodbye with another intern
You don't want to look like a 10 year old carrying around a synthetic wallet
Make sure it's leather
Literally every woman I've seen today are wearing skirts even the 50 year olds
Instead of a button up
Should I shave my arms roo since I'm wear a polo t shirt
Toned and hairy
My legs are nice too
It's hot as fuck here
Women get to wear skirts.
Kind of unfair
I got so many stares and then my manager told me it was against company rules to wear shorts even on casual fridays
I just got reprimanded for wearing shorts to work hahaha
Mac can you play stuff today
But yeah he's ugly as fuck
I'm surprised there was no arcana
i thouch it was iceiceice but apparently not
who is bick dick lanm
looks like od and centaur had sex
lol dicksoutforharambe
why was everone spammin lanm
fired
should have been ee, rtz, dendi, iceiceice, notail, bulldog, synderwin, demon, +2 more
also why would you pick universe
oh yeah pitlord is probably gonna get announced in a few minutes
why would you pick maybe
but not enough memes
thought hte last guy was gonna pick ee
😦
twins
is syndren even there?
not everyone is there
more scientists baffled
what happened i wasn't paying attention
oh tahts pretty cool
swindlezz all star lul
billions
i know a lot of people
whats her name
m y internet decided to take a shit
nsa spying on our chat
did you look it up on facebook or something?

fuck you mac
keenan whois she
do i know her
nah she's dating another dude
who are you out with
that wsas just mean
i thought dhe was dk first
it didn't look that much like rosh
legion is probably best so far
this cm is pretty good
i remember there was a dragon knight one time that was really good
cuz nobody wants to see half naked guys
i love when people post cosplay pictures on the subreddit because half the posts are talking about how sexy it is and the oteher half is about how the cosplayer is fat or has a big nose or something
never thought i would say that
that rubick is really cute
haha
everyone is saying fat
everyone is making thsat cum face
this akes me uncomfortable
i don't think i've ever seen a coslay cometition
this segment is weird
is that the cringe one
anytime a segment doesn't
i love the fired meme
they look like brother and sister
i feel like she doesn't know dota enough
i also don't know why people like kaci
idk if i can watch this
wut
does that make him second in the world?
damn
he's the only one somewhat known
idk, wings just got good all of a sudden
i always forget them cuz they came out of nowhere
oh right
oh wow, no more chinese teams
is it just mvp, wings, dc, and eg left?
are they top 4 now?
😩
😦
i went all in on liquid instead of dc
goddamit
also is the all star game next?
where did moo come from
oh i thought slacks was their only sub
you take out one of their palyers and force them to lay with slacks
that's how you sabotage dc
is moo the guy with the long hair
sunsfan must be so hard right now
how do thehy keep letting void through
what are the to bans this tournament
they should be giving us free copies
i hate it when professors do this shit
the author is the professor
i have to get this book for my consulting class
https://www.amazon.com/McKinsey-Engagement-Powerful-Efficient-Effective-ebook/dp/B0015DRO78/ref=mt_kindle?_encoding=UTF8&me=
why the fuck is a kindle book more expensive than a hardcover
timbersaw is pretty op
they could have killed ogre and mirana if they had detection
but ls didn't get anyone
that could hav ebeen really good
timber is too op
mor epoints if there are 3 games
i want ehome to win this game so it goes to a game 3
ugh ehome wtf
that would be really close to mlg columbus c9
i hoe aui gets picked up by a team
i think secret def will
do you think og will have roster changes
i don;t like the ogre immortal\
i'm gonna be really happy if dc can win
doesn't he do that every match
last year's was good.
it was the techies one last year and it was rotk vs notail
who's laying in it
there was no all star vote this year
there was that one where it was going to be good and then someone spawned a bunch of roshans and ended the game
thats not true
i would suport them a lot more if it wasn't for sumail
at this oint, i'm pretty much okay withe veryone winning excet for eg
is it still going on
but now that that's over, i can watch doto tonight
because it's the last one and i needed o preare for my project presentation
i had to actually work this week
I think I've only watched like an hour of ti tournament
I haven't been able ro watch at all yet
I put 2 dc too I think
The lower of the lower brackets
Mac did you bet on the lower teams too?
Since they have a chance at playing 2 bo3s instead of 1
LIQUID LUL
Mac stop jerking off and tell us
Who did liquid lose to?
Turns out my manager builds computers all the time.
He keeps recommending that I get top of the line stuff even though I tell him it's out of my price dange
With its dumb ass browser caching
Internet Explorer just fucked my presentation
FUCK INTERNET EXPLORER
More exciting competition than ti
http://m.imgur.com/Ki8BtNb?r
Is keenan actually watching ti
She didn't seem to care because I had lived there for 8 weeks without complaints
He complained to our host too
He'll probably shoot me
There's a new guy who sounds nice but I try to avoid him
That guy only stayed for a nigbt
I'm determined never to meet the guy living next to me right now
The ones that I've never met before
They'll ask why
Like 2 years ago I had orientation and last year I was in dc
Shit always comes up
I've never actually watched a ti final before
Goddamit
I don't expect my parents to come until like 4 or 5 in the afternoon
What time is it?
The finals
Ate you going to be able to watch ti?
I need to get rid of 1500 points
Back early enough to play stuff?
Are you going to be back on Saturday mac
I'm probably actually going to be able to watch the finals
Is it game 3 or game 2
It's just dumb cuz it fucks up combos
He has a spell that prevents other heroes spells from cooling doen
The time dilation is actually game breaking
Faceless void is the most annoying ass shit valve has created in a while
I think I put in 2 cards for dc
Is dc vs tnc still going
Also sunsfan sabotages other teams to get dc into tournaments they didn't qualify for
Wow just gonna ignore my backstory
I already gave backstory
Morphling mid is really good when there's a drow
Is that a morphling mid
If he has the immortal, he becomes Rio water
If another hero has a bottle, he can refill it passively
It can be hard to tell sometimes but morphling is actually water
That's because valve took it ofd.
They don't want people to know that dire win rate is 100 percent.
That would make it look like the game is rigged from the start
He's not even denying it
So basically mac is sexist
No I havent watched and tv shows or movies for weeks
http://i.imgur.com/nTmW4HC.jpg
Why not though
But they're gold
There's also awards at the end of the season.
Depending on your rank
Like in a week or so.
And then competitive will be unavailable and reset
Also I'm going to start playing competitive overwatch.
The season ends soon
Whoever wins the coin toss picks dire.
Then dire immediately wins
Yeah it is.
The game just comes down to the coin toss
Dire always winss
This can be convenient if you want to do a two hero combo
If you pick second, you get 2 picks in a row
If you pick first you only get 1 pick
Mvp are korean overlords
Escape is 4 pros + synderen
Liquid is pretty solid
Ehome is the old team
Secret is the meme team/LUL
Dc is the revenge team/team sunsfan
Tnc is the pubstack
Alliance are losers.
Just losers nothing else
Navi are has beens
Fnatic are the Peruvians of the east
EG is american + 1 terorist
Newbee are racists
Cuz I can explain them
Are you guys talking about dota teams
Oh no the woman who yells at everyone is going to my project presentation
That looks familiar
How much do you work per week
I don't necessarily need pay
I'm kind of tempted to work with a professor this semester instead of a company because of your work
Are you the only one
Like how much is down time?
That's a long work day
Are you done after 1230
By yourself or assisting?
Do you have to speak and present or can you just sit somewhere and sleep
What do you do at the convention tomorrow
I'll
I think I'm just going to buy my case and fans at the store.
I ask them for advice
This is why nobody likes ethan
They should have just gotten megas and backed out
Bur he still should have gotten ride of it for a bkb
Reduction on respawn is nice when he doesn't have buyback
He can't euls if he's stunned or bashed
I still think he needed bkb
It's easy to bkb eblade and mirana starfall
Timber should have gone bkb
Also void is annoying as shit
Timber kept getting picked off
Goddamit ehome
I feel like he dies to nukes every time
Does timber have a bkb
Omg ehome
Thar was smart.
Buying back and coming to fight again.really hard to kill timber without ice blast
Damn
Does the saw come back to him traveling across the map
What happens if timber uses his ult and tps to base?
Yeah also the illusion pushes are pretty strong
This game is really throwy
Eg lul
Maybe average with a multiplier or something
So maybe some combination of the two
True
It should be based on stats per game rather than total stats
But still, I got about the same from the gold shadow card as the silver kuroky because kuroky played an extra game
Yeah
You get fewer points if your team goes 2-0 as opposed to 2-1
I feel like the fantasy cards thing is kind of poorly designed
Was it a 2-0?
Why
Who won between mvp and wings
Wtf there's a pa in this game
whoever the carry for wings is
i put 2 wings cards in inlcuding the gold raven card
i need wings to beat mvp into the ground
lul fired
whoa is that ui
i mean you get points based on individual performance
eh
wtf is rip jordan
i put silver hao and silver kky
morphling is way too underfarmed
i cant see how newbee can win this
Those are my top 3 heroes.
Most of the time one or all 3 are xonsidered shit tier so it's weird seeing all 3 on the same team
Mac liquid drafted morphling, mirana and sk
Is liquid out
No I meant was that the first game of the bo3?
What's the match score
How I'm watching

Did newbee win
Keenan newbee are racists
But did keenan enjoy the shadow demon smut
I went into a bathroom stall to find that
http://i.imgur.com/4W9eDNS.jpg
Here you go big boy
And dc is still technically na
All 3 sea teams are still in
Eu when winning na when losing
Cuz all the other teams sucked until now
I think eu trams were too cocky
I think I want to see ehome vs dc or ehome vs eg in the finals
Liquid is the only eu team now
They didn't call gg until the ancient was dead although all 5 of alliance were dead without buyback
Idk but I just opened the stream and fnatic took the ancient
ALLIANCE LUL
Campuscache is ded

Keenan we've got his birthday and license number we can basically steal his identity
He's not even from bloomington though
Was he okay with you taking a picture of it
I know but how did you get his id
Did that guy buy a rated m game or something
mac apparently jimmy is only 5k mmr.
that could be us in a month
i was going to play overwatch after i ate
no i'm not even watching it right now
if you're okay with me talking thorugh food
brutal
lol
how do i measure the temperature of a case
i can't believe og threw that
i saw a video on them yesterday
should i just get the rosewill challenger case you recommended then mac?
OG LUL
why not
so like 90 percent of my computer is going to come from the micro center
hmm okay, i think i might just buy a case in the store on saturday so i can see them in person
how do you montior temperature
do you think getting a case with built in fans is better?
like are the built in fans already positioned for optimal airflow
he recommended like an 80 dllar one which is out of my price range
ugh i just don't know if i want to get the rosewill case cuz it's not pretty
http://www.microcenter.com/product/441013/Carbide_Series_SPEC-01_Mid_Tower_Gaming_Computer_Case
so would only 1 more fan be enough?
doesn't the cpu come with it's own fan, and the graphics card comes iwth it's own fan
how many fans do i need ina  computer
thhis is like cdec all over again
they weren't even that far behind
why the fuck would you do that then
oh
i thought he did buyback but it was just not fast enough
ember had buyback
my internet suddenly started lagging and i just saw snippets of everyone in og dying
wtf
i don't get how void is so pooor
if void was as farmed as teh ds , tnc would probably win
at least miracle has buyback now
this is so close
why didn't they run the tiny wisp mid and then the ember safe
i think tnc just threw their lead
what kind of games were they?
what kind of games were they
how much would they give me for a copy of tf2 on a flash drive
ah
also do you guys have limits to how many games you can buy in  a month or week
like did they plan that
were they together?
i feel like the orb effect on drow is kind of wasted 60 and 80 percent isn't that big of a didference
lol from one person?
if not better
wouldn't an aghs + butterfly be almost as good
cuz isn't drow slow like 60 percent which is already really good
is it actually worth it
or do they just do manual switchees
does drow's orb stackwith skadi now?
and then he used flame guard and a bunch of psirits dodging the autoattacks
i think huskar probably ulted him and he dodged it with sleight of fist
i didn't see the play from miracle
were they open qualifers?
ogre was twerking
or do they just have to look at the screen
when the vr is going
what does the crowd see
yeah they're not cocky
but chlorine kills pee
the pool just went green and nobody know how or why
what the actual fuck rio
http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/09/sport/rio-olympics-green-pool/index.html
omg how is og losing to tnc
if it didn't work, it basically gauranteed we would lose
people on the other team would freak out
mac, asher, and i used to run this 5 man lvl1 rosh and death ball strat where we take roshan at lvl 1 and 5 man push mid
It takes a lot of factors into account that its really hard to pinpoint an exact criteria
Everyone knows where the optimal positions are so it's often better to place a ward in a not so optimal position than to place it in an optimal one where it will be found
That's where it gets hard, especially in pro games
The general position is determined by where you think the other team will be in the next 6 minutes.
You always want to be able to watch the other team without them knowing you are watching them
If you can trade evenly in a 4 v 5 fight while your pos 1 is farming that's usually considered a success
Split pushing and grouping the other 4 people to attack the other teams carry
Like 0-10 mins is the laning stage, 10-35 is the mid game, 35-50 is kinda late 50-70 is late and 70+ is super late where almost all heroes are at full xp and farm
Not really it has more to do with the time
I'd you're weak early, you want to dodge fights and distract the other team from attacking your pos 1 core
Like if your team is strong early and the other team is weak early.
You want to put pressure early and constantly fjght
Item timings, player positions on the map, and team composition
Professional games dictate like 80 percent of public game metas
Slight tweaks to his skills and how professional players fit him in drafts
For example, riki used to be a shit tier/pocket draft carey.
Now he's a tier 1 support
It most depends on the heroes skills and how falls into the current meta
On the dota client, there's decriptions of every hero but no one really follows that
Depending on itemization, how much farm is taken, and how well you can play it
There's loose guides but almost every hero can be played in every position
Of course most of the time the ideal lineups don't happen and aren't always the most effective so it's all about which team cab adjust
3 heroes that take farm.
2 get items that can kill other heroes.the third gets items that help team fights like silences, aoe damage, heals
2 of the cores should be able to do sustained damage the third should be an intiator
You typically want 3 cores and 2 supports
You  can also guess based on the hero and timing
But not how much gold they have
Yeah
That's also why a lot of the times when someone e gets a big item, they will remain off the map until they can use it
You have to manually check everytime someone else is on the map.
It's something most people at lower tiers don't do
There's also a lot of other factors involved
Typically heroes that are more spell dependent are more level dependent and heroes that use right click are more farm dependent
Yeah
That was the strategy at ti4
You can get 5 early game heroes and hope to destroy the early game and win by 30 minutes
There's a really flexible amount of each type of hero.
And some combinations will be effective at different times
And she would still be effective
You can have a farmed naga with little xp
Mac that's not true
Some heroes need xp, some need farm, some need both, some need neithet
Farm is gold not xp
The support that isn't the ward bitch is also known as the "I don't take farm but I won't buy support items"
There's space taker, space creator, utility/initiation, high impact support and ward bitch
There used to a hero that caused the game to crash if it died for a bit of a patch.
That was hero was banned from tournaments.
That was pretty funny
Cuz he might not be balanced
Only the newest hero isn't allowed in competitive
No she is.
Idk if they took her out when they changed her but she definitely is now.
Or tom can drive and the rest of the team fpies
And then fly yourselves
You can get the equipment shipped professionally
Ah
Aj
Airport
How did you get that past security
Did you bring your soy lent with you
Do you guys all get dinner together
Oh nvmd I cant
Fuck it I'm just going to go home.
Nobody even here
I don't think I can see that portion since I'm on the Russian stream
Idk what that is
If tnc wins I'm gonna be so pissed
What's the next game?
I guess void had bkb
Of disarm the void
Idk why he doesn't just use the disarm since void doesn't do enough physical damage
They weren't
Eg won
It guarantees they live past the chroni
Alch benefits from it.
Idk why he used it on the skywraith
Morphling kites ls and alch too easily
Lose
I feel like as long eg has bkbs, they have to do something really dumb to mose
Oracle aghs
I need morphling to suck
NOOOOOO
On shitter
Wut happened now
Wut just happened my stream froze
The one you showed me was nice but um not a huge fan of the look
I'm going to look more into cases tonight and hopefully order something
I ordered the memory yesterday
I didn't know that butterflies even existed in dota
I can't wait to see the butterflies in dota on my new computer
Isn't it Russian anyways
Yeag
I still think eg has better late game though
That skyweaith was a good pickup against eg
Yay
How does ehome go from top 3 to shit tier back to top 3 in the span of 3 months
You had lgd losing to dc?
And now that he left, I'm the only person in my area so I will double the browser size
Lol my manager came in for 2 hours and then left again I'm definitely not doing anything else today
Like Friday night and Saturday morning/early afternoon
Like Friday night and Saturday morning/early afternoon
Also mac can you play dotes this weekend?
Do you think he will get nerfed
No he's been in a lot of the highlights I've seen
He doesn't seem to do that we'll in most
Also is morphling in every game now?
I have newbee winning this match because eg always has to be in the lower bracket
I positioned my second monitor just so it's really hard to see that bottom left corner

Finally figured out how to watch
They're actually pretty different
My project presentation got pushed back a day so I'm ahead of schedule
Meth  makes time fly
Keenan play dotes wid me
I'm going to be here late today so I can definitely watch when everyone is gone
Yeah
Now the hard part is watching without anyone noticing
Some Russian one
It worked
Oh wtf
But it doesn't seem to be loadinf
I did
Lol wtf hit box isn't blocked
Yeah
Reaaon: watching ti will improve my efficiency with bank stuff
Maybe I should request an exeception
If I go to twitch.com, it shows a screen that days the website I'd blocked and there is a link to request an exception
Amazon is the only streaming site not blocked
Like a mirror stream or something
For twitch
Is there anyway to bypass the firewall
Also I'm going to be touring new york and stuff so I'll probably have to look up info a lot
I'll be in a hotel next week.
They have wifi but they might be shitty
I need to make sure that I have enough for the rest of the month
I've used 500 mb in the last week
For some reason bank of america blocked wikipedia after I joined
I don't think I have roll over
Do you understand what's going on in the games keenan?
I used 1.8 gigs
I came close to the 2.5 gb the first week I was here
If it wasn't for the fact I just switched networks, I would switch to tmobile
Also t mobiles new streaming thing where youtube and netflix don't count toward data is really nice
Keenan is anyone watching ti at game world
I technically have unlimited data but I check choked to 2g after 2.5 gigs.
I wish I could use the 2g now and save the 4G for later
Audio only can be pretty intensive too
Actually I think there is wifi but we need clearance to use it
I'm bored now
It's blocked on our computers
If we did twitch would be blocked
No
Uses too much data
Ugh I wish I could watch ti
Do they at least have a lobby mode
How do teams practice then
I feel like people who play dota are typically older between 18 and 30 whereas people who play the other games are often teenagers who don't care about stats
I can't see competitive take off without a replay system
Do you think they will implement a replay system?
I also don't understand how win rate per hero is calculated
Over buff is kind of shitty
I didn't realize they were only playing 4 bo3s  so I only put upper bracket players today
Also I feel like moon plays more initiation offlanes Than offlanes that can transition into damage dealing cores
I don't like moon
Has the first series emded
My only other ehome card is a regular iceiceice
My old eleven card is silver
I also got a silver miracle
And can't remember the supports
I think mine was fear, old eleven, hao
I got like 111 with him one day
He's been one of my best scoring cards
You should call Bruno again and ask him wtf was the inteo
Eew
those are also really good modifiers
my penis just got hard

Navi lul
searching doesn't return anything
how do you find your overbuff page
you should i will be up for a while
and now he gets to cast
that's probably still more money than if syndren was a caster
is escape out already?
SECRET LUL
i didn't watch the beginning but all i saw wasa secret getting tream wiped
at least they're not being cocky this year
but secret is so close to losing, it's like last year all over again
Secret lul
https://i.reddituploads.com/f671696f13f646249d83710f25f70b26?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=2379a5038b8fbf68ad92a299b3038548
I skipped ahead after 10 seconds of her.
The rest of the video is just her dancing and shit
That was a good opening
What was the tournament that had the big rosh head on stage
Eew Lindsay sterling
He seems really uncomfortable talking
He just got on Forbes list this year
His clothes
That's honestly disturbing
He's a billionaire
Wtf was Gaben wearing in the opening ceremony
I want it to crawl up my dickhole
Are those just vr?
Wait wtf are the heroes in front of the player booths
B01s incoming
Mah predictions!
What if I do a lot of downloads of people delivering loads
Do you have security programs on your computer?
Hmm okay I'll be saving like 50 or more bucks from buying in person so maybe I'll get an ssd
I think fallout might be impacted by load times too
How do you control what gets saved on the ssd and what doesnt?
Ssd
How much can I get for 65 bucks
I'd it worth 35 bucks?
Is it worth it just to have my operating system on
Also should I get a 120 gb ssd for 35 bucks?
That I'm not buying in person
And then order everything
I'm going to look more into cases tonight
Yeah but it's not 25 anymore
Do I need anything else besides the parts and Microsoft windows?
I'm going to try to get the memory and case ordered so when I get home next tuesday, I'll have everything ready to assemble
Yeah I'm probably still going to go with the 480
I don't know if I'm going to get that case.
The price went up again.
It was 25 bucks for about 4 days
Oh wow the rx 460 came out its the cheaper version of the 470 which is the cheaper version of the 480
I would now but I can't get on youtube
And since I can only have 2 chips, if I ever want to upgrade memory, I would have to buy 2 new 16gb instead of 1
But 1 x16 can be a few bucks cheaper
Typically 2x8 is better
I'm ordering the memory tonight and getting 5 parts in the micro center Saturday night
I just switched my 2x8gb for 1x16gb and changed the wireless adaptor
Stock
Not sure which manufacturer yet but I won't decide that until they're back in stack
95 percent sure about the rx 480
Right now I'm settled on everything except for the casr
Mac can you send me that link to the case that ethan got again?
I feel like we're actually good at Lucio ball.
When I play quick play I win like 50 percent of my games but I win about 80 percent of my Lucio ball games
so i might have a neighbor again
i think someone just came into the next room
deaf people can use laptops just fine
Hi everyone!
I'm Asa Akira.
I'm an award winning adult film actress, published author, and I've had two dicks in my ass at the same time.
Ask me literally anything!
Mac I'd Cummins very soon
so i don't have to do the full 6 hours i planned on doing today
apparently air conditioning doesn't run on sundays at my office so i emailed my boss and said i would work from home
"work"
then 10 minutes to recharge
nah that only takes me 3 minutes, 4 max
mac you should join discord while you're downloading
yeah i'm not going to play too late, i still need to get some work done before tomorrow
i'm going to play underwatch in a bit too
how long ago did you hide the money
from how long ago
why'd you hide it
no he couldn't, after he saved me he walked into a stop sign
i went to hell's kitchen today and got mugged but then this guy in red saved me and beat up the mugger
wut?
Mac I played dotes by myself too.
I still need to get rid of 500 more points
Some people only stay for 1 night
I should com9lain
He made a shit ton of noise moving out and woke me up
It looks like the neighbor who complained moved out
I thought you guys were joking
https://i.imgur.com/QsasGgk.jpg
https://imgur.com/a/TmuBg#QsasGgk
neithe rof you guys brush your teeth
i brush my teeth
my other healthy habits makes up for the sleep
i was nocturnal for 3 days last week
my sleep schedule is all messed up
i'm probably just not going to sleep
9?
how early are you guys getting up
are you going to bed now?
💩
😦
https://i.reddituploads.com/9f9aef36123445a6a30cb9e6fd33fc52?fit=max&h=1536&w=1536&s=d1c597e410c0e488f426fe0c9561d4cc
I'm gonna play in an hour if you're still willing
I probably can't play until pretty late tonight
He thinks it's java
My manager doesn't understand what npm is
You're not RON
https://i.imgur.com/YxVdqqa.jpg
secret lul
I get excited when I think about the kkk too...
not helping
Keenan I can't poop with an erection plz stop
Now I can't see it anymore
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
D
Dd
D
Dd
D
D
D
D
D
Fuck you keenan
Mac and I are both in dc he's in the next stall over
Damn how did you know
Guess where I am

You told me to guess where you were and the Washington monument was in the hackground
Mac I just remembered you sent me a picture of the Washington monument last time you were in dc too.
Hahaha
Mac why are you in dc I thought you were in virginia
Time to take a 30 minute shit
I thought you were in virginia
Mac why are you driving I thought you were in noblis
Well that link doesn't work on mobile
FB_IMG_1469685564159.jpg
FB_IMG_1469685564159.jpg
Vasily?
Everyone is naked is naked under their clothes.
It's pretty fucking disgusting
Wut is soy lent and why is mac drinking it
Mac are you still watching ti
Who gives a shit about space travel and light sabres when there are flying sharks in the weather
No other series has such a rich immersive story
From a creative standpoint
Nah
Sharknado is the epitome of modern cinema
I thought batman vs superman was okay except for Jesse esenberg
I kind of hope it bombs
Oh
I thought it was Thursday at midnifht
Are you guys going to the midnight release
I heard it's bad
Am I right
Mac
I haven't eaten ice cream since I came here since it's like 6 bucks per 1.5 quarts
Omg there's ice cream down stairs
At least with a bass, you can perform at events and stuff.
No one is going to hire a piano player unless it's a wedding
There's even less demand for piano majors
What does a piano major even do
If so that's going end horribly
Is she going to iu because Roger is here?
I can be your prostitute
Mac you should have me over
Haha I thought that was his sister
Mac starts with M
My manager wants me to do css but I refused to
I'm technically done with my project too
I decided I'm done working today since my manager isn't here
Ugh what should I do for the next 5 hours
Why are you going from Virginia to indiana and then back to ohio
To cleveland?
Mac do you have to work on the weekend
Last year an intern here got fired for doing that
Take pictures of your computer
Mac how are you allowed to do that
Discord sent rhat 3 tjmes
Wtf
Cuz he's at home
Mac is on iu wifi
Mac it's me your friend from isis.
When would you like me to deliver the bombs
I'd probably have to pay shipping then
and BOMBING THE FBI
Mac how would noblis react if they found out you were in a chat talking about KILLING OBAMA
Conspiracy uncovered
They both end in is
The deals that I found ate pickup only
I can reserve them though which is probably what I'm going to do this weekend
What is noblis
I'm going to brooklyn this weekend so I might stop by and check it out but I can't buy stuff and take it back home on the subway
Since I'm planning on buying at the micro center, I'll probably do it august 13th when my parents come with a car
I thought you weren't allowed on your phone
Lol if I turn on shadows, I'll have to lower textures to about 20 percent.
Mac
Max you're really missing out on Lucio ball
ronding@live.unc.edu
There's still the large screen cap
Just discord
Goddamit I opened this at work
i just found a brick and mortar store in nyc that sells parts really cheap
Maybe football or something with tackling
I really feel like they should make a Reinhart game
Haha
https://www.reddit.com/r/Overwatch/comments/4vv8c4/lucioball_instead_of_sudden_death_in_competitive/
mac you're really missing out on lucio ball
mac it says you're still online
WHY THE FUCK CAN YOU NTO JOIN THE CALL THEN
are you staying a hotel
but then i forgot about it when it went up my butt
at first i thought it was weird that she had a penis
with her penis
but i think it's a different kind of escort
yesterday i took a break with an escort
mac i need someone out of my life.
do you think you can get that arranged for me?
with your new sniper friends
mac you should start a discreet boxcutter business and ask the fbi if they want to invest
http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/08/02/fbi-tech-pleads-guilty-to-acting-as-agent-china.html
i heard china is looking for a new spy in the fbi
mac you should sell that photo
why aren't you allowed to take pictures of it
they built a fucking MEMORIAL next to it
there's a piece of 911 close to where i work too
you should put up a sign that says "#BOXCUTTERLIVESMATTER"
HAVE YOUR WAY WITH ME NOW!!!!
is it your penis
how can you be aggresive and submissive
idk if you want to, i do a load of grunting and moaning when i pay bills
in the mean ime i need to pay billz
keenan let me know when the server is up
nazi mods
can you guys upvote it for visibility
uptokes plz
now i'm scared shitless every time i hear rustling in my room
oh i thought that was the reward for making a post
how do i give it a falir
https://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/comments/4vw24l/first_time_building_a_pc_tips_and_advice/
i considred beating it with my umbrella
i scooped it up in a poptart box
it wasn't unti i looked at it closer that i realized it had claws
so at first I thought it was giant 3 inch cockroach
ive seen cockroaches here before
it was right after we stopped playing, i heard movement in my room and thought it was a mouse
but somehow one got out and snuck into my room and into my stuff
there's a tank with 2 crayfish in it in my apartment.
it's kind of out of the way so i forgot about it
it was a crayfish
yeah
well this is going to give me nightmares for weeks
there's a 3 inch lobster looking thing in my room idk even know what tod o
holy fuck
are you even allowed to take pictures of your building?
mac this link should work: http://pcpartpicker.com/user/cholical/saved/Kz3zK8
http://pcpartpicker.com/user/cholical/saved/
mac , this is my new build
You actually sound better through my speakers
I've heard you talk in real life and you sound the same
Better than my laptop sprakers
Nah they're fine.
I use them to watch TV and they're perfectly fine
I forgot my monitor has built in speakers
Oh wait nvmd I don't have ti
I might actually buy a headset
Buts it's not complete shit either
It's the Powe supply in my work computer
But basically in my new build, I switched to a cheaper motherboard, a cheaper power supply, and added a wifi and Bluetooth adaptor
That's what pc part picker picked up.
My computer is 2 months old
Oh I thought it just kept the same link.
I'll send it in an hour or so.
Can you guys look over it again if you have the time
Okay so I think I basically have the parts picked except for the video card which could go cheaper
Also is there a way to test a video card online without playing a game?
I have the rx 480 in my work computer
Right now I have the gigabyte Radeon video card selected for ~240 dollars.
Is there a cheaper alternative?
yeah i just won 3 out of the 4 games as junkrat, got a play of the game, and a rampage.
but mccree is so much more fun
okay i think my key to winning is to not play mccree
except i changed the case, added memory, and removed storage
i used basicallyt the parts for the modest build
i don't even do that bad anymore
i lose like 4 out of 5 games idk why
do i have to google that specific model
how do i know if a motherboard comes built with wifi?
do you not use wifi then?
the suggested build used a micro case but i switched to a regular one
i just picked that one because it was in one of the suggested builds
should i get a different motherboard?
that's not micro
i don't think i will need bluetooth but i need wifi
but not with wifi though
so does the graphics card i selected not work?
the graphics card with the adatpor?
doesn't the adaptor go in the motherboard?
i fucking hate dva so much
does it cost more for a built in one or adaptors?
what do you mean?
okay i did it time to ruin my own account with mccree
also i'm buying overwatch right now so i no longer have ot ruin mac's stats
Also is there a way to knock off another 100 dollars or so?
probably with an older cpu or a weaker gpu
http://pcpartpicker.com/user/cholical/saved/#view=Kz3zK8
Can you guys let me know what you think of this build?
whoa yify changed their website design a bit
it's one of those movies that are so bad everyone sees it just to see how bad it is and they can keep making sequels because of it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vc-JlFpXLn8
http://i.imgur.com/AiT7l7Q.gifv
IC AN'T HEAR YOU MAC

That's a funny looking pikachu
http://www.vim.org/
http://pcpartpicker.com/list/dNjBQ7
almost got razo
i got ogre 😦
also why aren't you playing
mac are you okay with me playing overwatch with keenan
everything else seems to be working for me
maybe it's discord servers
idk if you're saying anything, my internet's really not having it





i can't disconnect it won't let me
wtf is entropy bot
wut
http://store.steampowered.com/app/255710
what a bunch of fags
https://i.redd.it/ifrcuv24my9x.jpg

tbh i thought pokemon go would be a bust
i feel like angry birds would win on total unique users
not unique users
and it's counting daily active users
true
bigger than agry birds?

there' s one with ekans wrapped around my dick
i make my own
https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemongonsfw
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B018Z0TE3K/ref=gw_sdw_pdt-1?_encoding=UTF8&smid=A34M7BYWLYF7LJ&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_s=tile-foot-A-1&pf_rd_r=HVBBAD7AZ78P0C4ZJ16K&pf_rd_t=36701&pf_rd_p=2fe8cd45-d753-463a-b213-e206429db3b4&pf_rd_i=desktop
Competitive tf2 came out wut
murphling op
https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&ion=1&espv=2&ie=UTF-8#q=subway%20flatbread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw8iljkD1So
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hcw4MRm6V4
http://www.nathansfamous.com/hot-dog-eating-contest/main-event
GOD FUCKING SHIT ALLIANCE RUINING MY PREDICTIONS
https://www.reddit.com/r/SteamGameSwap/search?q=fallout+4&sort=top&restrict_sr=on
people will all be "omg i'm so sorry what happened" if i did that
reply to your skype yo
that refresh and url has always been there for me
shit just wrote in skype by accident
it's not steam it's steamy our porn sharing client
in comic sans
do you like how i changed it to steamy
looks right to me
2
wouldn't you watch payday?
nah that's what the videos are called
okay now i'm really done

He's beta testing steamy
What's dolphin
we should all make that iamge our profile pictures
escafefsdflate
did he rad the whole conversation
that was to mac
did you read the whole thing
get venture capital and use that money to live in hiding
yeah no body plays games anymore
just like gaben
we'll make billions
but with videos
it will look exactly like the steam client
feat.
kate
and freemium ones
and let people trade videos
make some videos collectibles
keep track of teh hours spent
lol
you just have to click on them extra hard to get them to play
yeah of courses those are videos
yes we can provide more images if needed
that's what their employees do
okay i'm done, too far

it's like regular bullying but no one actually gets hurt
i think we're cyber bullying
keenan
one day kate will run for some office and will have to explain these pictures
yeah
too far?

mindgeek.com is actually a really well written site from a coding perspective
no i meant i opened the image to get the url
gotta get that link url
don't forget to tag kate in it
doo it
actually idk if you directly link tot he images
btw discord doesn't put security on shared images.
you could probably google these images

just take the mindgeek template and put porn on it
we should contact their customer support about this
i lose 20 percent hardness for every link i have to click
usually only takes me three click throughs
when i need to wank i don't go to pornhub, i just go to mindgeek.com and click through the tabs and observe the responsive design
that website design makes me hard
i like how they don't mention porn at all but are really vague aobut what they do
they are a legit tech company
parent company that does all of the tech work
http://mindgeek.com
mindgeek.com
they're all owned byt the same company
you shouldmake it your home page
ad then show them a pig sucking off a man
if anyone ever sees this in my browser, iw ill have to explain that it's not real porn
goddamit now i have to clear my browser history
hd version only
video doesn't work give real link plz
send it to her parents too.
they will be proud
yeah she would want her video to been seen right?
it's like free promotion
check this link out mac http://pornhub.com
i'd watch that
You guys can play without me
Might be a bit it cause it wants to run updates
I need to restart computer
yeah i saw that
one of my roomates is black and he can probably hear me through the door
No Ethan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J3aA-CG0rc
i have a gf, friends, money.
better than my lief

when i edit a video, it sounds like im having sex

when 2 guys talk to each other, they sound like a demon
http://store.steampowered.com/app/428690/
ASHER YOUR TYPE OF GAME!
http://i.imgur.com/9UBpPCa.jpg
http://www.wral.com/orange-county-man-in-hospital-after-king-cobra-bite-snakes-pose-no-threat-to-public/15679398/
https://www.gofundme.com/22gafkbg

thanks for egging my church megan.
i now have a chicken farm
nice email
http://imgur.com/bWd8I9u
http://imgur.com/XSUMElS
http://imgur.com/XSUMElS
http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/25/asia/philippines-easter-good-friday-crucifixion/index.html
http://52.87.119.0/cactuspie/#/232/64/718/-2/0/0
I found a tile with a more recent modification time than any of its chunks.
This can happen when a tile has been modified with an outside program, or by a copy utility that doesn't preserve mtimes.
Overviewer uses the filesystem's mtimes to determine which tiles need rendering and which don't, so it's important to preserve the mtimes Overviewer sets.
Please see our FAQ page on docs.overviewer.org or ask us in IRC for more information
2016-03-17 06:32:42 W Tile was: /var/www/html/cactuspie/day/0/3/2/3/3/3/3/3/3.png
MAP WILL BE RENDERED IN 4H 42M 17S
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06d4t1704N8
http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/2064714448
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ_O5GGvnOo

https://gfycat.com/AdeptSpottedBorer
http://www.wikihow.com/Finish-the-Feed-the-Head-Game
http://www.feedthehead.net/
http://flash.pivpiv.dk/testgay.html
http://zoomquilt.org/

http://www.uschess.org/msa/MbrDtlMain.php?13772477
http://www.uschess.org/msa/MbrDtlMain.php?13685874
http://play.typeracer.com/?rt=trcholical
https://www.cs.indiana.edu/classes/a202-dger/spr2014
i can't hear you if you're talking
my thing doesn't seem to working, i'm going to go
http://espn.go.com/esports/

dota devs preventing people playing with game pads.
it's not a bug they're just trying to help out the community
what did you have plugged in?
can you run it on your laptop?
there doesn't seem to be any reddit threads on this kind of problem since the update today
exit steam, check if there's still steam or dota processes in your task manager
can you open dota at all?
like is it crashing after launch?
:}
:/
😃
😦
i would say share your screen so i can see but i don't think there's screen share on this
maybe try a manual update check, sometimes the automatic updator doesn't work properly
both?
check for an update, then validate your cache
does it stop saying dota2 running?
valid your cache
what step does it get stuck on
LGD/Alliance/Liquid
Secret
LGD/CDEC
VP
Ehome
Vici
OG
EG
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
OG
Secret
EG
You guys should play a game I might need longer.
I took a bunch of benadryl and I'm feeling woozy
can you hear me?
yoyoyo
